tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[1].restrictions.organization-information-forwarding-restrictions = not to public
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-id = agency.com
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-name = State DOT
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-location = 1234567890
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-function = State DOT Traffic Subsystems
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line1 = 308 Main Street
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.state = VA
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-id = agency_test
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-name = State DOT Organized Center
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.latitude = 33964380
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.longitude = -84217945
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.horizontalDatum = 3
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.altitude.ft = 3
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.verticalDatum = 1
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-description = This traffic center manages traffic for the whole state.
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-type = 2
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line1 = 309 Main Street
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.state = NM
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[1].organization-information.last-update-time.date = 20130531
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[1].organization-information.last-update-time.time = 105805
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[1].organization-information.last-update-time.offset = 01:00
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[1].node-inventory-list.node.network-id = StateDOTNetworkRef
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[1].node-inventory-list.node.network-name = StateDOTNetwork
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[1].node-inventory-list.node.node-id = 1
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[1].node-inventory-list.node.node-name = StateDOTNode
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[1].node-inventory-list.node.node-description = The State DOT Traffic Node retrieve needed information about traffic.
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[1].node-inventory-list.node.node-route-designator = StateRouteAssignment
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[1].node-inventory-list.node.node-direction = positive direction
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[1].node-inventory-list.node.linear-reference = Mile 110
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[1].node-inventory-list.node.linear-reference-version = 6
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[1].node-inventory-list.node.node-type = bus route node
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[1].node-inventory-list.node.node-location.latitude = 33964380
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[1].node-inventory-list.node.node-location.longitude = -84217945
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[1].node-inventory-list.node.node-location.horizontalDatum = 3
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[1].node-inventory-list.node.node-location.height.verticalLevel = 2
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[1].node-inventory-list.node.node-links-number = 5
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[1].node-inventory-list.node.last-update-time.date = 20130531
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[1].node-inventory-list.node.last-update-time.time = 105805
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[1].node-inventory-list.node.last-update-time.offset = 01:00
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[2].restrictions.organization-information-forwarding-restrictions = not to public
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-id = agency.com
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-name = State DOT
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-location = 1234567890
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-function = State DOT Traffic Subsystems
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line1 = 308 Main Street
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.state = VA
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-id = agency_test
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-name = State DOT Organized Center
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.latitude = 33964380
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.longitude = -84217945
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.horizontalDatum = 3
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.altitude.ft = 3
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.verticalDatum = 1
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-description = This traffic center manages traffic for the whole state.
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-type = 2
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line1 = 309 Main Street
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.state = NM
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[2].organization-information.last-update-time.date = 20130531
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[2].organization-information.last-update-time.time = 105805
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[2].organization-information.last-update-time.offset = 01:00
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[2].node-inventory-list.node.network-id = StateDOTNetworkRef
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[2].node-inventory-list.node.network-name = StateDOTNetwork
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[2].node-inventory-list.node.node-id = 2
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[2].node-inventory-list.node.node-name = StateDOTNode
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[2].node-inventory-list.node.node-description = The State DOT Traffic Node retrieve needed information about traffic.
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[2].node-inventory-list.node.node-route-designator = StateRouteAssignment
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[2].node-inventory-list.node.node-direction = positive direction
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[2].node-inventory-list.node.linear-reference = Mile 110
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[2].node-inventory-list.node.linear-reference-version = 6
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[2].node-inventory-list.node.node-type = bus route node
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[2].node-inventory-list.node.node-location.latitude = 33964380
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[2].node-inventory-list.node.node-location.longitude = -84217945
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[2].node-inventory-list.node.node-location.horizontalDatum = 3
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[2].node-inventory-list.node.node-location.height.verticalLevel = 2
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[2].node-inventory-list.node.node-links-number = 5
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[2].node-inventory-list.node.last-update-time.date = 20130531
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[2].node-inventory-list.node.last-update-time.time = 105805
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[2].node-inventory-list.node.last-update-time.offset = 01:00
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[3].restrictions.organization-information-forwarding-restrictions = not to public
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-id = agency.com
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-name = State DOT
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-location = 1234567890
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-function = State DOT Traffic Subsystems
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line1 = 308 Main Street
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.state = VA
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-id = agency_test
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-name = State DOT Organized Center
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.latitude = 33964380
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.longitude = -84217945
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.horizontalDatum = 3
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.altitude.ft = 3
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.verticalDatum = 1
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-description = This traffic center manages traffic for the whole state.
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-type = 2
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line1 = 309 Main Street
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.state = NM
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[3].organization-information.last-update-time.date = 20130531
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[3].organization-information.last-update-time.time = 105805
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[3].organization-information.last-update-time.offset = 01:00
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[3].node-inventory-list.node.network-id = StateDOTNetworkRef
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[3].node-inventory-list.node.network-name = StateDOTNetwork
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[3].node-inventory-list.node.node-id = 3
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[3].node-inventory-list.node.node-name = StateDOTNode
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[3].node-inventory-list.node.node-description = The State DOT Traffic Node retrieve needed information about traffic.
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[3].node-inventory-list.node.node-route-designator = StateRouteAssignment
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[3].node-inventory-list.node.node-direction = positive direction
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[3].node-inventory-list.node.linear-reference = Mile 110
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[3].node-inventory-list.node.linear-reference-version = 6
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[3].node-inventory-list.node.node-type = bus route node
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[3].node-inventory-list.node.node-location.latitude = 33964380
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[3].node-inventory-list.node.node-location.longitude = -84217945
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[3].node-inventory-list.node.node-location.horizontalDatum = 3
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[3].node-inventory-list.node.node-location.height.verticalLevel = 2
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[3].node-inventory-list.node.node-links-number = 5
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[3].node-inventory-list.node.last-update-time.date = 20130531
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[3].node-inventory-list.node.last-update-time.time = 105805
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[3].node-inventory-list.node.last-update-time.offset = 01:00
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[4].restrictions.organization-information-forwarding-restrictions = not to public
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-id = agency.com
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-name = State DOT
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-location = 1234567890
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-function = State DOT Traffic Subsystems
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line1 = 308 Main Street
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.state = VA
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-id = agency_test
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-name = State DOT Organized Center
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.latitude = 33964380
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.longitude = -84217945
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.horizontalDatum = 3
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.altitude.ft = 3
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.verticalDatum = 1
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-description = This traffic center manages traffic for the whole state.
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-type = 2
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line1 = 309 Main Street
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.state = NM
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[4].organization-information.last-update-time.date = 20130531
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[4].organization-information.last-update-time.time = 105805
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[4].organization-information.last-update-time.offset = 01:00
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[4].node-inventory-list.node.network-id = StateDOTNetworkRef
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[4].node-inventory-list.node.network-name = StateDOTNetwork
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[4].node-inventory-list.node.node-id = 4
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[4].node-inventory-list.node.node-name = StateDOTNode
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[4].node-inventory-list.node.node-description = The State DOT Traffic Node retrieve needed information about traffic.
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[4].node-inventory-list.node.node-route-designator = StateRouteAssignment
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[4].node-inventory-list.node.node-direction = positive direction
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[4].node-inventory-list.node.linear-reference = Mile 110
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[4].node-inventory-list.node.linear-reference-version = 6
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[4].node-inventory-list.node.node-type = bus route node
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[4].node-inventory-list.node.node-location.latitude = 33964380
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[4].node-inventory-list.node.node-location.longitude = -84217945
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[4].node-inventory-list.node.node-location.horizontalDatum = 3
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[4].node-inventory-list.node.node-location.height.verticalLevel = 2
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[4].node-inventory-list.node.node-links-number = 5
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[4].node-inventory-list.node.last-update-time.date = 20130531
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[4].node-inventory-list.node.last-update-time.time = 105805
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[4].node-inventory-list.node.last-update-time.offset = 01:00
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[5].restrictions.organization-information-forwarding-restrictions = not to public
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-id = agency.com
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-name = State DOT
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-location = 1234567890
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-function = State DOT Traffic Subsystems
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line1 = 308 Main Street
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.state = VA
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-id = agency_test
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-name = State DOT Organized Center
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.latitude = 33964380
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.longitude = -84217945
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.horizontalDatum = 3
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.altitude.ft = 3
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.verticalDatum = 1
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-description = This traffic center manages traffic for the whole state.
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-type = 2
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line1 = 309 Main Street
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.state = NM
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[5].organization-information.last-update-time.date = 20130531
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[5].organization-information.last-update-time.time = 105805
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[5].organization-information.last-update-time.offset = 01:00
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[5].node-inventory-list.node.network-id = StateDOTNetworkRef
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[5].node-inventory-list.node.network-name = StateDOTNetwork
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[5].node-inventory-list.node.node-id = 5
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[5].node-inventory-list.node.node-name = StateDOTNode
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[5].node-inventory-list.node.node-description = The State DOT Traffic Node retrieve needed information about traffic.
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[5].node-inventory-list.node.node-route-designator = StateRouteAssignment
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[5].node-inventory-list.node.node-direction = positive direction
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[5].node-inventory-list.node.linear-reference = Mile 110
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[5].node-inventory-list.node.linear-reference-version = 6
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[5].node-inventory-list.node.node-type = bus route node
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[5].node-inventory-list.node.node-location.latitude = 33964380
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[5].node-inventory-list.node.node-location.longitude = -84217945
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[5].node-inventory-list.node.node-location.horizontalDatum = 3
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[5].node-inventory-list.node.node-location.height.verticalLevel = 2
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[5].node-inventory-list.node.node-links-number = 5
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[5].node-inventory-list.node.last-update-time.date = 20130531
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[5].node-inventory-list.node.last-update-time.time = 105805
tmdd:nodeInventoryMsg.node-inventory-item[5].node-inventory-list.node.last-update-time.offset = 01:00