tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[1].restrictions.organization-information-forwarding-restrictions = unrestricted
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[1].organization-information.organization-id = State DOT Traffic Division
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[1].organization-information.organization-name = State DOT
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[1].organization-information.organization-location = 1234567890
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[1].organization-information.organization-function = State DOT Traffic Subsystems
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line1 = 145 Main Street
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.state = VA
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-id = StateDOTIdentifier
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-name = State DOT Organized Center
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.latitude = 34
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.longitude = -106
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.horizontalDatum = wgs-84egm-96
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.altitude.ft = 0
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.verticalDatum = wgs-84
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-description = This traffic center manages traffic for the whole state.
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-type = fixed
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line1 = 146 Main Street
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.state = NM
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[1].organization-information.last-update-time.date = 20160509
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[1].organization-information.last-update-time.time = 191400
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[1].organization-information.last-update-time.offset = -1100
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[1].last-update-date.date = 20160509
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[1].last-update-date.time = 191400
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[1].last-update-date.offset = -1100
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[1].processing-metadata-name = 1
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[1].processing-metadata-version = State DOT Archiving Data v03.03.
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[1].publication-date-time.date = 20160509
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[1].publication-date-time.time = 191400
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[1].publication-date-time.offset = -1100
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[1].processing-method-name = DataArchive
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[1].processing-method-description = The State DOT use a Data Archiving method to process archived traffic information for the State.
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[1].processing-method-application-rules = Rules for processing Archived Data are found in the manual.
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[1].processing-method-results = Data that is processed from the Data Archived method can be used to create statistical data about traffic for the State.
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[2].restrictions.organization-information-forwarding-restrictions = unrestricted
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[2].organization-information.organization-id = State DOT Traffic Division
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[2].organization-information.organization-name = State DOT
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[2].organization-information.organization-location = 1234567890
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[2].organization-information.organization-function = State DOT Traffic Subsystems
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line1 = 145 Main Street
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.state = VA
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-id = StateDOTIdentifier
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-name = State DOT Organized Center
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.latitude = 34
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.longitude = -106
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.horizontalDatum = wgs-84egm-96
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.altitude.ft = 0
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.verticalDatum = wgs-84
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-description = This traffic center manages traffic for the whole state.
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-type = fixed
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line1 = 146 Main Street
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.state = NM
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[2].organization-information.last-update-time.date = 20160509
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[2].organization-information.last-update-time.time = 191400
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[2].organization-information.last-update-time.offset = -1100
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[2].last-update-date.date = 20160509
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[2].last-update-date.time = 191400
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[2].last-update-date.offset = -1100
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[2].processing-metadata-name = 2
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[2].processing-metadata-version = State DOT Archiving Data v03.03.
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[2].publication-date-time.date = 20160509
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[2].publication-date-time.time = 191400
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[2].publication-date-time.offset = -1100
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[2].processing-method-name = DataArchive
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[2].processing-method-description = The State DOT use a Data Archiving method to process archived traffic information for the State.
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[2].processing-method-application-rules = Rules for processing Archived Data are found in the manual.
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[2].processing-method-results = Data that is processed from the Data Archived method can be used to create statistical data about traffic for the State.
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[3].restrictions.organization-information-forwarding-restrictions = unrestricted
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[3].organization-information.organization-id = State DOT Traffic Division
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[3].organization-information.organization-name = State DOT
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[3].organization-information.organization-location = 1234567890
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[3].organization-information.organization-function = State DOT Traffic Subsystems
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line1 = 145 Main Street
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.state = VA
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-id = StateDOTIdentifier
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-name = State DOT Organized Center
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.latitude = 34
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.longitude = -106
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.horizontalDatum = wgs-84egm-96
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.altitude.ft = 0
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.verticalDatum = wgs-84
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-description = This traffic center manages traffic for the whole state.
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-type = fixed
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line1 = 146 Main Street
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.state = NM
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[3].organization-information.last-update-time.date = 20160509
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[3].organization-information.last-update-time.time = 191400
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[3].organization-information.last-update-time.offset = -1100
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[3].last-update-date.date = 20160509
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[3].last-update-date.time = 191400
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[3].last-update-date.offset = -1100
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[3].processing-metadata-name = 3
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[3].processing-metadata-version = State DOT Archiving Data v03.03.
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[3].publication-date-time.date = 20160509
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[3].publication-date-time.time = 191400
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[3].publication-date-time.offset = -1100
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[3].processing-method-name = DataArchive
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[3].processing-method-description = The State DOT use a Data Archiving method to process archived traffic information for the State.
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[3].processing-method-application-rules = Rules for processing Archived Data are found in the manual.
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[3].processing-method-results = Data that is processed from the Data Archived method can be used to create statistical data about traffic for the State.
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[4].restrictions.organization-information-forwarding-restrictions = unrestricted
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[4].organization-information.organization-id = State DOT Traffic Division
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[4].organization-information.organization-name = State DOT
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[4].organization-information.organization-location = 1234567890
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[4].organization-information.organization-function = State DOT Traffic Subsystems
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line1 = 145 Main Street
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.state = VA
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-id = StateDOTIdentifier
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-name = State DOT Organized Center
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.latitude = 34
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.longitude = -106
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.horizontalDatum = wgs-84egm-96
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.altitude.ft = 0
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.verticalDatum = wgs-84
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-description = This traffic center manages traffic for the whole state.
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-type = fixed
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line1 = 146 Main Street
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.state = NM
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[4].organization-information.last-update-time.date = 20160509
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[4].organization-information.last-update-time.time = 191400
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[4].organization-information.last-update-time.offset = -1100
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[4].last-update-date.date = 20160509
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[4].last-update-date.time = 191400
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[4].last-update-date.offset = -1100
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[4].processing-metadata-name = 4
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[4].processing-metadata-version = State DOT Archiving Data v03.03.
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[4].publication-date-time.date = 20160509
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[4].publication-date-time.time = 191400
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[4].publication-date-time.offset = -1100
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[4].processing-method-name = DataArchive
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[4].processing-method-description = The State DOT use a Data Archiving method to process archived traffic information for the State.
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[4].processing-method-application-rules = Rules for processing Archived Data are found in the manual.
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[4].processing-method-results = Data that is processed from the Data Archived method can be used to create statistical data about traffic for the State.
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[5].restrictions.organization-information-forwarding-restrictions = unrestricted
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[5].organization-information.organization-id = State DOT Traffic Division
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[5].organization-information.organization-name = State DOT
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[5].organization-information.organization-location = 1234567890
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[5].organization-information.organization-function = State DOT Traffic Subsystems
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line1 = 145 Main Street
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.state = VA
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-id = StateDOTIdentifier
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-name = State DOT Organized Center
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.latitude = 34
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.longitude = -106
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.horizontalDatum = wgs-84egm-96
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.altitude.ft = 0
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.verticalDatum = wgs-84
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-description = This traffic center manages traffic for the whole state.
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-type = fixed
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line1 = 146 Main Street
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.state = NM
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[5].organization-information.last-update-time.date = 20160509
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[5].organization-information.last-update-time.time = 191400
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[5].organization-information.last-update-time.offset = -1100
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[5].last-update-date.date = 20160509
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[5].last-update-date.time = 191400
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[5].last-update-date.offset = -1100
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[5].processing-metadata-name = 5
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[5].processing-metadata-version = State DOT Archiving Data v03.03.
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[5].publication-date-time.date = 20160509
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[5].publication-date-time.time = 191400
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[5].publication-date-time.offset = -1100
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[5].processing-method-name = DataArchive
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[5].processing-method-description = The State DOT use a Data Archiving method to process archived traffic information for the State.
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[5].processing-method-application-rules = Rules for processing Archived Data are found in the manual.
tmdd:archivedDataProcessingDocumentationMetadataMsg.archived-data-processing-documentation-metadata-item[5].processing-method-results = Data that is processed from the Data Archived method can be used to create statistical data about traffic for the State.