tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[1].device-control-schedule-header.restrictions.organization-information-forwarding-restrictions = unrestricted
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[1].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-id = State DOT Traffic Division
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[1].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-name = State DOT
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[1].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-location = 1234567890
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[1].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-function = State DOT Traffic Subsystems
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[1].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[1].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[1].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[1].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[1].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[1].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[1].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[1].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[1].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[1].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[1].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[1].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[1].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line1 = 268 Main Street
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[1].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[1].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[1].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.state = VA
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[1].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[1].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[1].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-id = StateDOTIdentifier
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[1].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-name = State DOT Organized Center
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[1].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.latitude = 34
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[1].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.longitude = -106
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[1].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.horizontalDatum = wgs-84egm-96
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[1].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.altitude.ft = 0
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[1].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.verticalDatum = wgs-84
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[1].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-description = This traffic center manages traffic for the whole state.
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[1].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-type = fixed
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[1].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[1].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[1].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[1].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[1].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[1].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[1].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[1].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[1].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[1].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[1].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[1].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[1].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line1 = 269 Main Street
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[1].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[1].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[1].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.state = NM
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[1].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[1].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[1].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.last-update-time.date = 20160509
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[1].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.last-update-time.time = 191400
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[1].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.last-update-time.offset = -1100
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[1].device-control-schedule-header.device-id = HAR-1
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[1].device-control-schedule-header.time-base-schedule-number = 2
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[1].device-control-schedule-header.time-base-schedule-month = 2
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[1].device-control-schedule-header.time-base-schedule-day = 3
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[1].device-control-schedule-header.time-base-schedule-date = 1
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[1].device-control-schedule-header.time-base-schedule-day-plan = 30
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[1].device-control-schedule-header.day-plan-hour = 12
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[1].device-control-schedule-header.day-plan-minute = 30
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[1].device-control-schedule-header.last-update-time.date = 20160509
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[1].device-control-schedule-header.last-update-time.time = 191400
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[1].device-control-schedule-header.last-update-time.offset = -1100
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[1].message-number = StateDOTHARMessageNum
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[2].device-control-schedule-header.restrictions.organization-information-forwarding-restrictions = unrestricted
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[2].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-id = State DOT Traffic Division
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[2].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-name = State DOT
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[2].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-location = 1234567890
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[2].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-function = State DOT Traffic Subsystems
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[2].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[2].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[2].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[2].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[2].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[2].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[2].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[2].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[2].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[2].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[2].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[2].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[2].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line1 = 268 Main Street
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[2].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[2].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[2].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.state = VA
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[2].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[2].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[2].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-id = StateDOTIdentifier
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[2].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-name = State DOT Organized Center
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[2].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.latitude = 34
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[2].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.longitude = -106
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[2].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.horizontalDatum = wgs-84egm-96
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[2].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.altitude.ft = 0
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[2].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.verticalDatum = wgs-84
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[2].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-description = This traffic center manages traffic for the whole state.
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[2].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-type = fixed
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[2].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[2].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[2].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[2].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[2].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[2].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[2].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[2].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[2].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[2].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[2].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[2].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[2].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line1 = 269 Main Street
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[2].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[2].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[2].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.state = NM
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[2].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[2].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[2].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.last-update-time.date = 20160509
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[2].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.last-update-time.time = 191400
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[2].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.last-update-time.offset = -1100
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[2].device-control-schedule-header.device-id = HAR-2
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[2].device-control-schedule-header.time-base-schedule-number = 2
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[2].device-control-schedule-header.time-base-schedule-month = 2
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[2].device-control-schedule-header.time-base-schedule-day = 3
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[2].device-control-schedule-header.time-base-schedule-date = 1
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[2].device-control-schedule-header.time-base-schedule-day-plan = 30
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[2].device-control-schedule-header.day-plan-hour = 12
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[2].device-control-schedule-header.day-plan-minute = 30
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[2].device-control-schedule-header.last-update-time.date = 20160509
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[2].device-control-schedule-header.last-update-time.time = 191400
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[2].device-control-schedule-header.last-update-time.offset = -1100
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[2].message-number = StateDOTHARMessageNum
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[3].device-control-schedule-header.restrictions.organization-information-forwarding-restrictions = unrestricted
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[3].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-id = State DOT Traffic Division
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[3].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-name = State DOT
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[3].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-location = 1234567890
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[3].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-function = State DOT Traffic Subsystems
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[3].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[3].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[3].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[3].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[3].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[3].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[3].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[3].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[3].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[3].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[3].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[3].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[3].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line1 = 268 Main Street
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[3].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[3].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[3].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.state = VA
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[3].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[3].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[3].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-id = StateDOTIdentifier
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[3].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-name = State DOT Organized Center
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[3].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.latitude = 34
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[3].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.longitude = -106
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[3].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.horizontalDatum = wgs-84egm-96
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[3].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.altitude.ft = 0
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[3].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.verticalDatum = wgs-84
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[3].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-description = This traffic center manages traffic for the whole state.
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[3].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-type = fixed
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[3].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[3].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[3].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[3].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[3].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[3].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[3].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[3].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[3].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[3].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[3].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[3].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[3].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line1 = 269 Main Street
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[3].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[3].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[3].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.state = NM
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[3].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[3].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[3].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.last-update-time.date = 20160509
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[3].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.last-update-time.time = 191400
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[3].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.last-update-time.offset = -1100
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[3].device-control-schedule-header.device-id = HAR-3
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[3].device-control-schedule-header.time-base-schedule-number = 2
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[3].device-control-schedule-header.time-base-schedule-month = 2
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[3].device-control-schedule-header.time-base-schedule-day = 3
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[3].device-control-schedule-header.time-base-schedule-date = 1
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[3].device-control-schedule-header.time-base-schedule-day-plan = 30
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[3].device-control-schedule-header.day-plan-hour = 12
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[3].device-control-schedule-header.day-plan-minute = 30
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[3].device-control-schedule-header.last-update-time.date = 20160509
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[3].device-control-schedule-header.last-update-time.time = 191400
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[3].device-control-schedule-header.last-update-time.offset = -1100
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[3].message-number = StateDOTHARMessageNum
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[4].device-control-schedule-header.restrictions.organization-information-forwarding-restrictions = unrestricted
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[4].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-id = State DOT Traffic Division
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[4].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-name = State DOT
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[4].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-location = 1234567890
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[4].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-function = State DOT Traffic Subsystems
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[4].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[4].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[4].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[4].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[4].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[4].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[4].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[4].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[4].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[4].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[4].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[4].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[4].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line1 = 268 Main Street
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[4].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[4].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[4].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.state = VA
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[4].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[4].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[4].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-id = StateDOTIdentifier
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[4].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-name = State DOT Organized Center
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[4].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.latitude = 34
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[4].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.longitude = -106
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[4].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.horizontalDatum = wgs-84egm-96
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[4].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.altitude.ft = 0
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[4].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.verticalDatum = wgs-84
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[4].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-description = This traffic center manages traffic for the whole state.
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[4].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-type = fixed
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[4].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[4].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[4].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[4].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[4].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[4].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[4].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[4].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[4].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[4].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[4].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[4].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[4].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line1 = 269 Main Street
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[4].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[4].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[4].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.state = NM
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[4].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[4].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[4].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.last-update-time.date = 20160509
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[4].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.last-update-time.time = 191400
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[4].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.last-update-time.offset = -1100
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[4].device-control-schedule-header.device-id = HAR-4
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[4].device-control-schedule-header.time-base-schedule-number = 2
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[4].device-control-schedule-header.time-base-schedule-month = 2
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[4].device-control-schedule-header.time-base-schedule-day = 3
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[4].device-control-schedule-header.time-base-schedule-date = 1
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[4].device-control-schedule-header.time-base-schedule-day-plan = 30
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[4].device-control-schedule-header.day-plan-hour = 12
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[4].device-control-schedule-header.day-plan-minute = 30
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[4].device-control-schedule-header.last-update-time.date = 20160509
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[4].device-control-schedule-header.last-update-time.time = 191400
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[4].device-control-schedule-header.last-update-time.offset = -1100
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[4].message-number = StateDOTHARMessageNum
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[5].device-control-schedule-header.restrictions.organization-information-forwarding-restrictions = unrestricted
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[5].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-id = State DOT Traffic Division
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[5].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-name = State DOT
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[5].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-location = 1234567890
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[5].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-function = State DOT Traffic Subsystems
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[5].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[5].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[5].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[5].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[5].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[5].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[5].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[5].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[5].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[5].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[5].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[5].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[5].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line1 = 268 Main Street
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[5].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[5].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[5].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.state = VA
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[5].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[5].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[5].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-id = StateDOTIdentifier
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[5].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-name = State DOT Organized Center
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[5].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.latitude = 34
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[5].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.longitude = -106
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[5].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.horizontalDatum = wgs-84egm-96
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[5].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.altitude.ft = 0
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[5].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.verticalDatum = wgs-84
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[5].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-description = This traffic center manages traffic for the whole state.
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[5].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-type = fixed
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[5].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[5].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[5].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[5].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[5].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[5].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[5].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[5].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[5].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[5].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[5].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[5].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[5].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line1 = 269 Main Street
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[5].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[5].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[5].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.state = NM
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[5].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[5].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[5].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.last-update-time.date = 20160509
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[5].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.last-update-time.time = 191400
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[5].device-control-schedule-header.organization-information.last-update-time.offset = -1100
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[5].device-control-schedule-header.device-id = HAR-5
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[5].device-control-schedule-header.time-base-schedule-number = 2
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[5].device-control-schedule-header.time-base-schedule-month = 2
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[5].device-control-schedule-header.time-base-schedule-day = 3
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[5].device-control-schedule-header.time-base-schedule-date = 1
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[5].device-control-schedule-header.time-base-schedule-day-plan = 30
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[5].device-control-schedule-header.day-plan-hour = 12
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[5].device-control-schedule-header.day-plan-minute = 30
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[5].device-control-schedule-header.last-update-time.date = 20160509
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[5].device-control-schedule-header.last-update-time.time = 191400
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[5].device-control-schedule-header.last-update-time.offset = -1100
tmdd:hARControlScheduleMsg.har-control-schedule-item[5].message-number = StateDOTHARMessageNum