tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.restrictions.organization-information-forwarding-restrictions = unrestricted
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-id = State DOT Traffic Division
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-name = State DOT
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-location = 1234567890
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-function = State DOT Traffic Subsystems
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line1 = 284 Main Street
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.state = VA
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-id = StateDOTIdentifier
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-name = State DOT Organized Center
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.latitude = 34
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.longitude = -106
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.horizontalDatum = wgs-84egm-96
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.altitude.ft = 0
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.verticalDatum = wgs-84
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-description = This traffic center manages traffic for the whole state.
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-type = fixed
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line1 = 285 Main Street
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.state = NM
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.last-update-time.date = 20160509
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.last-update-time.time = 191400
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.last-update-time.offset = -1100
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.device-id = IS-1
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.device-location.latitude = 34
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.device-location.longitude = -106
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.device-location.horizontalDatum = wgs-84egm-96
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.device-location.height.verticalLevel = 15
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.device-name = State DOT Equipment
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.device-description = State DOT Device Description
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.device-control-type = status only
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.controller-description = State DOT Primary Device Controller
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.network-id = StateDOTNetworkRef
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.node-id = StateDOTNodeRef
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.node-name = StateDOTNode
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.link-id = StateDOTNetworkProviderRef
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.link-name = state-highway-32-2571
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.link-direction = se
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.linear-reference = Mile 107
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.linear-reference-version = 6
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.route-designator = StateRouteAssignment
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.device-url.url-reference = http://State.dot.gov/
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.device-url.url-reference-medium = rt:medium=referral
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.last-update-time.date = 20160509
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.last-update-time.time = 191400
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.last-update-time.offset = -1100
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.tmddX:deviceInventoryHeaderExt.device-url2.url-reference = http://State.dot.gov/
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.tmddX:deviceInventoryHeaderExt.device-url2.url-reference-medium = rt:medium=referral
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.tmddX:deviceInventoryHeaderExt.device-url3.url-reference = http://State.dot.gov/
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.tmddX:deviceInventoryHeaderExt.device-url3.url-reference-medium = rt:medium=referral
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.tmddX:deviceInventoryHeaderExt.device-url4.url-reference = http://State.dot.gov/
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.tmddX:deviceInventoryHeaderExt.device-url4.url-reference-medium = rt:medium=referral
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.tmddX:deviceInventoryHeaderExt.extension =
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].intersection-name = I-95/US301
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].controller-master-id = State DOT Controller Ref
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].intersection-link-list.link.link-id = StateDOTNetworkProviderRef
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].intersection-link-list.link.link-direction = se
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].movement-list.intersection-movements.movement-identifier = StateFiberMovementRef
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].movement-list.intersection-movements.approach-link-id = StateDOTApproachLId
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].movement-list.intersection-movements.departing-link-id = StateDOTDespartingLId
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].movement-list.intersection-movements.crossing-point.latitude = 34
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].movement-list.intersection-movements.crossing-point.longitude = -106
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].movement-list.intersection-movements.crossing-point.horizontalDatum = nad83
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].movement-list.intersection-movements.crossing-point.height.verticalLevel = 15
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].movement-list.intersection-movements.approach-vector = 5975
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].movement-list.intersection-movements.turning-movement-code = P
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].movement-list.intersection-movements.turning-movement-lanes.lanes = 1
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].movement-list.intersection-movements.turning-movement-text = State DOT Turning Movement Guide
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].phase-list.phases.phase-identifier = 1
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].phase-list.phases.coordinated-phase = 0
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].phase-list.phases.concurrent-phases-list.phase-identifier = 1
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].phase-list.phases.active-movements-list.movement-identifier = StateDOTMovementRef
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].overlap-phase-list.overlap-phases.overlap-identifier = 1
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].overlap-phase-list.overlap-phases.overlap-included-phases.phase-identifier = 1
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].overlap-phase-list.overlap-phases.active-movements-list.movement-identifier = StateDOTMovementRef
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].ring-list.rings.ring-identifier = StateDOTRingRef
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].ring-list.rings.ring-phase-assignment.ring-phase-identifier = 1
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].special-functions-list.special-functions.special-function-identifier = 1
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].special-functions-list.special-functions.special-function-description = Has the capablility to notifiy than an alarm that has been activated.
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].time-reference-code = eastern grid control
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[1].pattern-sync-reference = 32767
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.restrictions.organization-information-forwarding-restrictions = unrestricted
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-id = State DOT Traffic Division
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-name = State DOT
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-location = 1234567890
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-function = State DOT Traffic Subsystems
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line1 = 284 Main Street
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.state = VA
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-id = StateDOTIdentifier
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-name = State DOT Organized Center
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.latitude = 34
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.longitude = -106
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.horizontalDatum = wgs-84egm-96
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.altitude.ft = 0
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.verticalDatum = wgs-84
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-description = This traffic center manages traffic for the whole state.
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-type = fixed
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line1 = 285 Main Street
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.state = NM
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.last-update-time.date = 20160509
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.last-update-time.time = 191400
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.last-update-time.offset = -1100
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.device-id = IS-2
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.device-location.latitude = 34
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.device-location.longitude = -106
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.device-location.horizontalDatum = wgs-84egm-96
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.device-location.height.verticalLevel = 15
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.device-name = State DOT Equipment
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.device-description = State DOT Device Description
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.device-control-type = status only
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.controller-description = State DOT Primary Device Controller
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.network-id = StateDOTNetworkRef
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.node-id = StateDOTNodeRef
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.node-name = StateDOTNode
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.link-id = StateDOTNetworkProviderRef
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.link-name = state-highway-32-2571
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.link-direction = se
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.linear-reference = Mile 107
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.linear-reference-version = 6
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.route-designator = StateRouteAssignment
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.device-url.url-reference = http://State.dot.gov/
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.device-url.url-reference-medium = rt:medium=referral
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.last-update-time.date = 20160509
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.last-update-time.time = 191400
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.last-update-time.offset = -1100
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.tmddX:deviceInventoryHeaderExt.device-url2.url-reference = http://State.dot.gov/
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.tmddX:deviceInventoryHeaderExt.device-url2.url-reference-medium = rt:medium=referral
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.tmddX:deviceInventoryHeaderExt.device-url3.url-reference = http://State.dot.gov/
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.tmddX:deviceInventoryHeaderExt.device-url3.url-reference-medium = rt:medium=referral
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.tmddX:deviceInventoryHeaderExt.device-url4.url-reference = http://State.dot.gov/
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.tmddX:deviceInventoryHeaderExt.device-url4.url-reference-medium = rt:medium=referral
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.tmddX:deviceInventoryHeaderExt.extension =
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].intersection-name = I-95/US301
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].controller-master-id = State DOT Controller Ref
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].intersection-link-list.link.link-id = StateDOTNetworkProviderRef
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].intersection-link-list.link.link-direction = se
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].movement-list.intersection-movements.movement-identifier = StateFiberMovementRef
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].movement-list.intersection-movements.approach-link-id = StateDOTApproachLId
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].movement-list.intersection-movements.departing-link-id = StateDOTDespartingLId
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].movement-list.intersection-movements.crossing-point.latitude = 34
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].movement-list.intersection-movements.crossing-point.longitude = -106
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].movement-list.intersection-movements.crossing-point.horizontalDatum = nad83
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].movement-list.intersection-movements.crossing-point.height.verticalLevel = 15
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].movement-list.intersection-movements.approach-vector = 5975
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].movement-list.intersection-movements.turning-movement-code = P
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].movement-list.intersection-movements.turning-movement-lanes.lanes = 1
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].movement-list.intersection-movements.turning-movement-text = State DOT Turning Movement Guide
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].phase-list.phases.phase-identifier = 1
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].phase-list.phases.coordinated-phase = 0
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].phase-list.phases.concurrent-phases-list.phase-identifier = 1
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].phase-list.phases.active-movements-list.movement-identifier = StateDOTMovementRef
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].overlap-phase-list.overlap-phases.overlap-identifier = 1
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].overlap-phase-list.overlap-phases.overlap-included-phases.phase-identifier = 1
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].overlap-phase-list.overlap-phases.active-movements-list.movement-identifier = StateDOTMovementRef
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].ring-list.rings.ring-identifier = StateDOTRingRef
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].ring-list.rings.ring-phase-assignment.ring-phase-identifier = 1
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].special-functions-list.special-functions.special-function-identifier = 1
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].special-functions-list.special-functions.special-function-description = Has the capablility to notifiy than an alarm that has been activated.
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].time-reference-code = eastern grid control
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[2].pattern-sync-reference = 32767
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.restrictions.organization-information-forwarding-restrictions = unrestricted
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-id = State DOT Traffic Division
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-name = State DOT
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-location = 1234567890
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-function = State DOT Traffic Subsystems
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line1 = 284 Main Street
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.state = VA
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-id = StateDOTIdentifier
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-name = State DOT Organized Center
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.latitude = 34
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.longitude = -106
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.horizontalDatum = wgs-84egm-96
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.altitude.ft = 0
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.verticalDatum = wgs-84
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-description = This traffic center manages traffic for the whole state.
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-type = fixed
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line1 = 285 Main Street
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.state = NM
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.last-update-time.date = 20160509
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.last-update-time.time = 191400
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.last-update-time.offset = -1100
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.device-id = IS-3
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.device-location.latitude = 34
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.device-location.longitude = -106
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.device-location.horizontalDatum = wgs-84egm-96
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.device-location.height.verticalLevel = 15
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.device-name = State DOT Equipment
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.device-description = State DOT Device Description
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.device-control-type = status only
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.controller-description = State DOT Primary Device Controller
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.network-id = StateDOTNetworkRef
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.node-id = StateDOTNodeRef
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.node-name = StateDOTNode
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.link-id = StateDOTNetworkProviderRef
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.link-name = state-highway-32-2571
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.link-direction = se
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.linear-reference = Mile 107
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.linear-reference-version = 6
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.route-designator = StateRouteAssignment
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.device-url.url-reference = http://State.dot.gov/
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.device-url.url-reference-medium = rt:medium=referral
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.last-update-time.date = 20160509
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.last-update-time.time = 191400
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.last-update-time.offset = -1100
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.tmddX:deviceInventoryHeaderExt.device-url2.url-reference = http://State.dot.gov/
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.tmddX:deviceInventoryHeaderExt.device-url2.url-reference-medium = rt:medium=referral
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.tmddX:deviceInventoryHeaderExt.device-url3.url-reference = http://State.dot.gov/
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.tmddX:deviceInventoryHeaderExt.device-url3.url-reference-medium = rt:medium=referral
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.tmddX:deviceInventoryHeaderExt.device-url4.url-reference = http://State.dot.gov/
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.tmddX:deviceInventoryHeaderExt.device-url4.url-reference-medium = rt:medium=referral
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.tmddX:deviceInventoryHeaderExt.extension =
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].intersection-name = I-95/US301
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].controller-master-id = State DOT Controller Ref
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].intersection-link-list.link.link-id = StateDOTNetworkProviderRef
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].intersection-link-list.link.link-direction = se
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].movement-list.intersection-movements.movement-identifier = StateFiberMovementRef
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].movement-list.intersection-movements.approach-link-id = StateDOTApproachLId
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].movement-list.intersection-movements.departing-link-id = StateDOTDespartingLId
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].movement-list.intersection-movements.crossing-point.latitude = 34
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].movement-list.intersection-movements.crossing-point.longitude = -106
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].movement-list.intersection-movements.crossing-point.horizontalDatum = nad83
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].movement-list.intersection-movements.crossing-point.height.verticalLevel = 15
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].movement-list.intersection-movements.approach-vector = 5975
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].movement-list.intersection-movements.turning-movement-code = P
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].movement-list.intersection-movements.turning-movement-lanes.lanes = 1
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].movement-list.intersection-movements.turning-movement-text = State DOT Turning Movement Guide
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].phase-list.phases.phase-identifier = 1
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].phase-list.phases.coordinated-phase = 0
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].phase-list.phases.concurrent-phases-list.phase-identifier = 1
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].phase-list.phases.active-movements-list.movement-identifier = StateDOTMovementRef
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].overlap-phase-list.overlap-phases.overlap-identifier = 1
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].overlap-phase-list.overlap-phases.overlap-included-phases.phase-identifier = 1
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].overlap-phase-list.overlap-phases.active-movements-list.movement-identifier = StateDOTMovementRef
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].ring-list.rings.ring-identifier = StateDOTRingRef
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].ring-list.rings.ring-phase-assignment.ring-phase-identifier = 1
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].special-functions-list.special-functions.special-function-identifier = 1
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].special-functions-list.special-functions.special-function-description = Has the capablility to notifiy than an alarm that has been activated.
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].time-reference-code = eastern grid control
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[3].pattern-sync-reference = 32767
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.restrictions.organization-information-forwarding-restrictions = unrestricted
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-id = State DOT Traffic Division
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-name = State DOT
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-location = 1234567890
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-function = State DOT Traffic Subsystems
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line1 = 284 Main Street
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.state = VA
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-id = StateDOTIdentifier
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-name = State DOT Organized Center
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.latitude = 34
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.longitude = -106
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.horizontalDatum = wgs-84egm-96
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.altitude.ft = 0
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.verticalDatum = wgs-84
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-description = This traffic center manages traffic for the whole state.
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-type = fixed
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line1 = 285 Main Street
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.state = NM
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.last-update-time.date = 20160509
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.last-update-time.time = 191400
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.last-update-time.offset = -1100
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.device-id = IS-4
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.device-location.latitude = 34
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.device-location.longitude = -106
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.device-location.horizontalDatum = wgs-84egm-96
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.device-location.height.verticalLevel = 15
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.device-name = State DOT Equipment
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.device-description = State DOT Device Description
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.device-control-type = status only
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.controller-description = State DOT Primary Device Controller
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.network-id = StateDOTNetworkRef
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.node-id = StateDOTNodeRef
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.node-name = StateDOTNode
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.link-id = StateDOTNetworkProviderRef
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.link-name = state-highway-32-2571
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.link-direction = se
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.linear-reference = Mile 107
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.linear-reference-version = 6
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.route-designator = StateRouteAssignment
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.device-url.url-reference = http://State.dot.gov/
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.device-url.url-reference-medium = rt:medium=referral
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.last-update-time.date = 20160509
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.last-update-time.time = 191400
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.last-update-time.offset = -1100
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.tmddX:deviceInventoryHeaderExt.device-url2.url-reference = http://State.dot.gov/
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.tmddX:deviceInventoryHeaderExt.device-url2.url-reference-medium = rt:medium=referral
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.tmddX:deviceInventoryHeaderExt.device-url3.url-reference = http://State.dot.gov/
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.tmddX:deviceInventoryHeaderExt.device-url3.url-reference-medium = rt:medium=referral
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.tmddX:deviceInventoryHeaderExt.device-url4.url-reference = http://State.dot.gov/
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.tmddX:deviceInventoryHeaderExt.device-url4.url-reference-medium = rt:medium=referral
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.tmddX:deviceInventoryHeaderExt.extension =
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].intersection-name = I-95/US301
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].controller-master-id = State DOT Controller Ref
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].intersection-link-list.link.link-id = StateDOTNetworkProviderRef
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].intersection-link-list.link.link-direction = se
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].movement-list.intersection-movements.movement-identifier = StateFiberMovementRef
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].movement-list.intersection-movements.approach-link-id = StateDOTApproachLId
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].movement-list.intersection-movements.departing-link-id = StateDOTDespartingLId
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].movement-list.intersection-movements.crossing-point.latitude = 34
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].movement-list.intersection-movements.crossing-point.longitude = -106
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].movement-list.intersection-movements.crossing-point.horizontalDatum = nad83
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].movement-list.intersection-movements.crossing-point.height.verticalLevel = 15
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].movement-list.intersection-movements.approach-vector = 5975
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].movement-list.intersection-movements.turning-movement-code = P
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].movement-list.intersection-movements.turning-movement-lanes.lanes = 1
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].movement-list.intersection-movements.turning-movement-text = State DOT Turning Movement Guide
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].phase-list.phases.phase-identifier = 1
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].phase-list.phases.coordinated-phase = 0
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].phase-list.phases.concurrent-phases-list.phase-identifier = 1
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].phase-list.phases.active-movements-list.movement-identifier = StateDOTMovementRef
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].overlap-phase-list.overlap-phases.overlap-identifier = 1
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].overlap-phase-list.overlap-phases.overlap-included-phases.phase-identifier = 1
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].overlap-phase-list.overlap-phases.active-movements-list.movement-identifier = StateDOTMovementRef
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].ring-list.rings.ring-identifier = StateDOTRingRef
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].ring-list.rings.ring-phase-assignment.ring-phase-identifier = 1
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].special-functions-list.special-functions.special-function-identifier = 1
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].special-functions-list.special-functions.special-function-description = Has the capablility to notifiy than an alarm that has been activated.
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].time-reference-code = eastern grid control
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[4].pattern-sync-reference = 32767
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.restrictions.organization-information-forwarding-restrictions = unrestricted
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-id = State DOT Traffic Division
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-name = State DOT
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-location = 1234567890
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-function = State DOT Traffic Subsystems
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line1 = 284 Main Street
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.state = VA
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-id = StateDOTIdentifier
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-name = State DOT Organized Center
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.latitude = 34
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.longitude = -106
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.horizontalDatum = wgs-84egm-96
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.altitude.ft = 0
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.verticalDatum = wgs-84
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-description = This traffic center manages traffic for the whole state.
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-type = fixed
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line1 = 285 Main Street
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.state = NM
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.last-update-time.date = 20160509
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.last-update-time.time = 191400
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.last-update-time.offset = -1100
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.device-id = IS-5
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.device-location.latitude = 34
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.device-location.longitude = -106
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.device-location.horizontalDatum = wgs-84egm-96
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.device-location.height.verticalLevel = 15
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.device-name = State DOT Equipment
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.device-description = State DOT Device Description
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.device-control-type = status only
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.controller-description = State DOT Primary Device Controller
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.network-id = StateDOTNetworkRef
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.node-id = StateDOTNodeRef
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.node-name = StateDOTNode
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.link-id = StateDOTNetworkProviderRef
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.link-name = state-highway-32-2571
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.link-direction = se
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.linear-reference = Mile 107
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.linear-reference-version = 6
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.route-designator = StateRouteAssignment
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.device-url.url-reference = http://State.dot.gov/
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.device-url.url-reference-medium = rt:medium=referral
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.last-update-time.date = 20160509
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.last-update-time.time = 191400
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.last-update-time.offset = -1100
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.tmddX:deviceInventoryHeaderExt.device-url2.url-reference = http://State.dot.gov/
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.tmddX:deviceInventoryHeaderExt.device-url2.url-reference-medium = rt:medium=referral
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.tmddX:deviceInventoryHeaderExt.device-url3.url-reference = http://State.dot.gov/
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.tmddX:deviceInventoryHeaderExt.device-url3.url-reference-medium = rt:medium=referral
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.tmddX:deviceInventoryHeaderExt.device-url4.url-reference = http://State.dot.gov/
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.tmddX:deviceInventoryHeaderExt.device-url4.url-reference-medium = rt:medium=referral
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.tmddX:deviceInventoryHeaderExt.extension =
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].intersection-name = I-95/US301
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].controller-master-id = State DOT Controller Ref
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].intersection-link-list.link.link-id = StateDOTNetworkProviderRef
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].intersection-link-list.link.link-direction = se
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].movement-list.intersection-movements.movement-identifier = StateFiberMovementRef
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].movement-list.intersection-movements.approach-link-id = StateDOTApproachLId
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].movement-list.intersection-movements.departing-link-id = StateDOTDespartingLId
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].movement-list.intersection-movements.crossing-point.latitude = 34
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].movement-list.intersection-movements.crossing-point.longitude = -106
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].movement-list.intersection-movements.crossing-point.horizontalDatum = nad83
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].movement-list.intersection-movements.crossing-point.height.verticalLevel = 15
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].movement-list.intersection-movements.approach-vector = 5975
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].movement-list.intersection-movements.turning-movement-code = P
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].movement-list.intersection-movements.turning-movement-lanes.lanes = 1
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].movement-list.intersection-movements.turning-movement-text = State DOT Turning Movement Guide
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].phase-list.phases.phase-identifier = 1
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].phase-list.phases.coordinated-phase = 0
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].phase-list.phases.concurrent-phases-list.phase-identifier = 1
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].phase-list.phases.active-movements-list.movement-identifier = StateDOTMovementRef
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].overlap-phase-list.overlap-phases.overlap-identifier = 1
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].overlap-phase-list.overlap-phases.overlap-included-phases.phase-identifier = 1
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].overlap-phase-list.overlap-phases.active-movements-list.movement-identifier = StateDOTMovementRef
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].ring-list.rings.ring-identifier = StateDOTRingRef
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].ring-list.rings.ring-phase-assignment.ring-phase-identifier = 1
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].special-functions-list.special-functions.special-function-identifier = 1
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].special-functions-list.special-functions.special-function-description = Has the capablility to notifiy than an alarm that has been activated.
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].time-reference-code = eastern grid control
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item[5].pattern-sync-reference = 32767
