tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[1].restrictions.organization-information-forwarding-restrictions = unrestricted
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-id = State DOT Traffic Division
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-name = State DOT
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-location = 1234567890
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-function = State DOT Traffic Subsystems
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line1 = 348 Main Street
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.state = VA
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-id = StateDOTIdentifier
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-name = State DOT Organized Center
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.latitude = 34
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.longitude = -106
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.horizontalDatum = wgs-84egm-96
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.altitude.ft = 0
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.verticalDatum = wgs-84
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-description = This traffic center manages traffic for the whole state.
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-type = fixed
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line1 = 349 Main Street
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.state = NM
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[1].organization-information.last-update-time.date = 20160509
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[1].organization-information.last-update-time.time = 191400
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[1].organization-information.last-update-time.offset = -1100
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[1].section-id = Section-1
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[1].section-timing-pattern-id = StateDOTSecTimePatRef
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[1].section-timing-pattern-name = State DOT Section Timing Pattern Title
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[1].section-cycle-length = 60
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[1].intersection-tp-list.intersection-timing.intersection-id = StateDOTIntersectionRef
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[1].intersection-tp-list.intersection-timing.cycle-length = 60
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[1].intersection-tp-list.intersection-timing.offset-time = 30
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[1].intersection-tp-list.intersection-timing.phase-tp-list.phases.phase-identifier = 1
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[1].intersection-tp-list.intersection-timing.phase-tp-list.phases.coordinated-phase = 0
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[1].intersection-tp-list.intersection-timing.phase-tp-list.phases.split-mode = pedestrianRecall
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[1].intersection-tp-list.intersection-timing.phase-tp-list.phases.phase-split = 15
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[1].intersection-tp-list.intersection-timing.phase-tp-list.phases.maximum-green-duration = 1800
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[1].intersection-tp-list.intersection-timing.phase-tp-list.phases.minimum-green-duration = 1800
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[1].intersection-tp-list.intersection-timing.phase-tp-list.phases.vehicle-clearance-duration = 450
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[1].intersection-tp-list.intersection-timing.phase-tp-list.phases.vehicle-red-duration = 1800
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[1].intersection-tp-list.intersection-timing.phase-tp-list.phases.minimum-walk-duration = 1800
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[1].intersection-tp-list.intersection-timing.phase-tp-list.phases.pedestrian-clearance-duration = 900
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[1].intersection-tp-list.intersection-timing.phase-tp-list.phases.steady-dont-walk-duration = 1800
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[1].intersection-tp-list.intersection-timing.sequence-information.sequence-information.ring-identifier = StateDOTRingRef
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[1].intersection-tp-list.intersection-timing.sequence-information.sequence-information.sequence-data.phase-identifier = 1
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[1].last-update-time.date = 20160509
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[1].last-update-time.time = 191400
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[1].last-update-time.offset = -1100
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[2].restrictions.organization-information-forwarding-restrictions = unrestricted
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-id = State DOT Traffic Division
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-name = State DOT
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-location = 1234567890
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-function = State DOT Traffic Subsystems
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line1 = 348 Main Street
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.state = VA
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-id = StateDOTIdentifier
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-name = State DOT Organized Center
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.latitude = 34
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.longitude = -106
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.horizontalDatum = wgs-84egm-96
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.altitude.ft = 0
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.verticalDatum = wgs-84
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-description = This traffic center manages traffic for the whole state.
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-type = fixed
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line1 = 349 Main Street
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.state = NM
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[2].organization-information.last-update-time.date = 20160509
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[2].organization-information.last-update-time.time = 191400
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[2].organization-information.last-update-time.offset = -1100
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[2].section-id = Section-2
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[2].section-timing-pattern-id = StateDOTSecTimePatRef
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[2].section-timing-pattern-name = State DOT Section Timing Pattern Title
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[2].section-cycle-length = 60
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[2].intersection-tp-list.intersection-timing.intersection-id = StateDOTIntersectionRef
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[2].intersection-tp-list.intersection-timing.cycle-length = 60
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[2].intersection-tp-list.intersection-timing.offset-time = 30
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[2].intersection-tp-list.intersection-timing.phase-tp-list.phases.phase-identifier = 1
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[2].intersection-tp-list.intersection-timing.phase-tp-list.phases.coordinated-phase = 0
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[2].intersection-tp-list.intersection-timing.phase-tp-list.phases.split-mode = pedestrianRecall
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[2].intersection-tp-list.intersection-timing.phase-tp-list.phases.phase-split = 15
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[2].intersection-tp-list.intersection-timing.phase-tp-list.phases.maximum-green-duration = 1800
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[2].intersection-tp-list.intersection-timing.phase-tp-list.phases.minimum-green-duration = 1800
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[2].intersection-tp-list.intersection-timing.phase-tp-list.phases.vehicle-clearance-duration = 450
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[2].intersection-tp-list.intersection-timing.phase-tp-list.phases.vehicle-red-duration = 1800
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[2].intersection-tp-list.intersection-timing.phase-tp-list.phases.minimum-walk-duration = 1800
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[2].intersection-tp-list.intersection-timing.phase-tp-list.phases.pedestrian-clearance-duration = 900
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[2].intersection-tp-list.intersection-timing.phase-tp-list.phases.steady-dont-walk-duration = 1800
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[2].intersection-tp-list.intersection-timing.sequence-information.sequence-information.ring-identifier = StateDOTRingRef
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[2].intersection-tp-list.intersection-timing.sequence-information.sequence-information.sequence-data.phase-identifier = 1
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[2].last-update-time.date = 20160509
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[2].last-update-time.time = 191400
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[2].last-update-time.offset = -1100
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[3].restrictions.organization-information-forwarding-restrictions = unrestricted
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-id = State DOT Traffic Division
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-name = State DOT
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-location = 1234567890
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-function = State DOT Traffic Subsystems
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line1 = 348 Main Street
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.state = VA
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-id = StateDOTIdentifier
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-name = State DOT Organized Center
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.latitude = 34
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.longitude = -106
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.horizontalDatum = wgs-84egm-96
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.altitude.ft = 0
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.verticalDatum = wgs-84
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-description = This traffic center manages traffic for the whole state.
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-type = fixed
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line1 = 349 Main Street
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.state = NM
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[3].organization-information.last-update-time.date = 20160509
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[3].organization-information.last-update-time.time = 191400
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[3].organization-information.last-update-time.offset = -1100
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[3].section-id = Section-3
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[3].section-timing-pattern-id = StateDOTSecTimePatRef
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[3].section-timing-pattern-name = State DOT Section Timing Pattern Title
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[3].section-cycle-length = 60
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[3].intersection-tp-list.intersection-timing.intersection-id = StateDOTIntersectionRef
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[3].intersection-tp-list.intersection-timing.cycle-length = 60
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[3].intersection-tp-list.intersection-timing.offset-time = 30
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[3].intersection-tp-list.intersection-timing.phase-tp-list.phases.phase-identifier = 1
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[3].intersection-tp-list.intersection-timing.phase-tp-list.phases.coordinated-phase = 0
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[3].intersection-tp-list.intersection-timing.phase-tp-list.phases.split-mode = pedestrianRecall
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[3].intersection-tp-list.intersection-timing.phase-tp-list.phases.phase-split = 15
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[3].intersection-tp-list.intersection-timing.phase-tp-list.phases.maximum-green-duration = 1800
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[3].intersection-tp-list.intersection-timing.phase-tp-list.phases.minimum-green-duration = 1800
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[3].intersection-tp-list.intersection-timing.phase-tp-list.phases.vehicle-clearance-duration = 450
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[3].intersection-tp-list.intersection-timing.phase-tp-list.phases.vehicle-red-duration = 1800
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[3].intersection-tp-list.intersection-timing.phase-tp-list.phases.minimum-walk-duration = 1800
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[3].intersection-tp-list.intersection-timing.phase-tp-list.phases.pedestrian-clearance-duration = 900
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[3].intersection-tp-list.intersection-timing.phase-tp-list.phases.steady-dont-walk-duration = 1800
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[3].intersection-tp-list.intersection-timing.sequence-information.sequence-information.ring-identifier = StateDOTRingRef
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[3].intersection-tp-list.intersection-timing.sequence-information.sequence-information.sequence-data.phase-identifier = 1
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[3].last-update-time.date = 20160509
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[3].last-update-time.time = 191400
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[3].last-update-time.offset = -1100
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[4].restrictions.organization-information-forwarding-restrictions = unrestricted
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-id = State DOT Traffic Division
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-name = State DOT
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-location = 1234567890
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-function = State DOT Traffic Subsystems
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line1 = 348 Main Street
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.state = VA
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-id = StateDOTIdentifier
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-name = State DOT Organized Center
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.latitude = 34
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.longitude = -106
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.horizontalDatum = wgs-84egm-96
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.altitude.ft = 0
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.verticalDatum = wgs-84
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-description = This traffic center manages traffic for the whole state.
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-type = fixed
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line1 = 349 Main Street
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.state = NM
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[4].organization-information.last-update-time.date = 20160509
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[4].organization-information.last-update-time.time = 191400
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[4].organization-information.last-update-time.offset = -1100
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[4].section-id = Section-4
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[4].section-timing-pattern-id = StateDOTSecTimePatRef
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[4].section-timing-pattern-name = State DOT Section Timing Pattern Title
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[4].section-cycle-length = 60
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[4].intersection-tp-list.intersection-timing.intersection-id = StateDOTIntersectionRef
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[4].intersection-tp-list.intersection-timing.cycle-length = 60
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[4].intersection-tp-list.intersection-timing.offset-time = 30
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[4].intersection-tp-list.intersection-timing.phase-tp-list.phases.phase-identifier = 1
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[4].intersection-tp-list.intersection-timing.phase-tp-list.phases.coordinated-phase = 0
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[4].intersection-tp-list.intersection-timing.phase-tp-list.phases.split-mode = pedestrianRecall
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[4].intersection-tp-list.intersection-timing.phase-tp-list.phases.phase-split = 15
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[4].intersection-tp-list.intersection-timing.phase-tp-list.phases.maximum-green-duration = 1800
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[4].intersection-tp-list.intersection-timing.phase-tp-list.phases.minimum-green-duration = 1800
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[4].intersection-tp-list.intersection-timing.phase-tp-list.phases.vehicle-clearance-duration = 450
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[4].intersection-tp-list.intersection-timing.phase-tp-list.phases.vehicle-red-duration = 1800
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[4].intersection-tp-list.intersection-timing.phase-tp-list.phases.minimum-walk-duration = 1800
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[4].intersection-tp-list.intersection-timing.phase-tp-list.phases.pedestrian-clearance-duration = 900
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[4].intersection-tp-list.intersection-timing.phase-tp-list.phases.steady-dont-walk-duration = 1800
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[4].intersection-tp-list.intersection-timing.sequence-information.sequence-information.ring-identifier = StateDOTRingRef
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[4].intersection-tp-list.intersection-timing.sequence-information.sequence-information.sequence-data.phase-identifier = 1
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[4].last-update-time.date = 20160509
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[4].last-update-time.time = 191400
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[4].last-update-time.offset = -1100
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[5].restrictions.organization-information-forwarding-restrictions = unrestricted
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-id = State DOT Traffic Division
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-name = State DOT
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-location = 1234567890
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-function = State DOT Traffic Subsystems
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line1 = 348 Main Street
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.state = VA
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-id = StateDOTIdentifier
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-name = State DOT Organized Center
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.latitude = 34
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.longitude = -106
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.horizontalDatum = wgs-84egm-96
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.altitude.ft = 0
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.verticalDatum = wgs-84
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-description = This traffic center manages traffic for the whole state.
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-type = fixed
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line1 = 349 Main Street
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.state = NM
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[5].organization-information.last-update-time.date = 20160509
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[5].organization-information.last-update-time.time = 191400
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[5].organization-information.last-update-time.offset = -1100
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[5].section-id = Section-5
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[5].section-timing-pattern-id = StateDOTSecTimePatRef
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[5].section-timing-pattern-name = State DOT Section Timing Pattern Title
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[5].section-cycle-length = 60
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[5].intersection-tp-list.intersection-timing.intersection-id = StateDOTIntersectionRef
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[5].intersection-tp-list.intersection-timing.cycle-length = 60
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[5].intersection-tp-list.intersection-timing.offset-time = 30
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[5].intersection-tp-list.intersection-timing.phase-tp-list.phases.phase-identifier = 1
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[5].intersection-tp-list.intersection-timing.phase-tp-list.phases.coordinated-phase = 0
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[5].intersection-tp-list.intersection-timing.phase-tp-list.phases.split-mode = pedestrianRecall
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[5].intersection-tp-list.intersection-timing.phase-tp-list.phases.phase-split = 15
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[5].intersection-tp-list.intersection-timing.phase-tp-list.phases.maximum-green-duration = 1800
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[5].intersection-tp-list.intersection-timing.phase-tp-list.phases.minimum-green-duration = 1800
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[5].intersection-tp-list.intersection-timing.phase-tp-list.phases.vehicle-clearance-duration = 450
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[5].intersection-tp-list.intersection-timing.phase-tp-list.phases.vehicle-red-duration = 1800
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[5].intersection-tp-list.intersection-timing.phase-tp-list.phases.minimum-walk-duration = 1800
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[5].intersection-tp-list.intersection-timing.phase-tp-list.phases.pedestrian-clearance-duration = 900
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[5].intersection-tp-list.intersection-timing.phase-tp-list.phases.steady-dont-walk-duration = 1800
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[5].intersection-tp-list.intersection-timing.sequence-information.sequence-information.ring-identifier = StateDOTRingRef
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[5].intersection-tp-list.intersection-timing.sequence-information.sequence-information.sequence-data.phase-identifier = 1
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[5].last-update-time.date = 20160509
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[5].last-update-time.time = 191400
tmdd:sectionSignalTimingPatternInventoryMsg.signal-section-timing-pattern-inventory-item[5].last-update-time.offset = -1100