tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.restrictions.organization-information-forwarding-restrictions = unrestricted
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-id = State DOT Traffic Division
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-name = State DOT
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-location = 1234567890
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-function = State DOT Traffic Subsystems
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line1 = 358 Main Street
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.state = VA
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-id = StateDOTIdentifier
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-name = State DOT Organized Center
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.latitude = 34
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.longitude = -106
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.horizontalDatum = wgs-84egm-96
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.altitude.ft = 0
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.verticalDatum = wgs-84
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-description = This traffic center manages traffic for the whole state.
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-type = fixed
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line1 = 359 Main Street
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.state = NM
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.last-update-time.date = 20160509
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.last-update-time.time = 191400
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.organization-information.last-update-time.offset = -1100
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.device-id = Video-1
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.device-location.latitude = 34
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.device-location.longitude = -106
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.device-location.horizontalDatum = wgs-84egm-96
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.device-location.height.verticalLevel = 15
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.device-name = State DOT Equipment
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.device-description = State DOT Device Description
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.device-control-type = status only
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.controller-description = State DOT Primary Device Controller
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.network-id = StateDOTNetworkRef
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.node-id = StateDOTNodeRef
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.node-name = StateDOTNode
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.link-id = StateDOTLinkRef
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.link-name = state-highway-32-2555
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.link-direction = se
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.linear-reference = Mile 113
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.linear-reference-version = 6
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.route-designator = StateRouteAssignment
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.device-url.url-reference = http://State.dot.gov/
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.device-url.url-reference-medium = rt:medium=referral
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.last-update-time.date = 20160509
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.last-update-time.time = 191400
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.last-update-time.offset = -1100
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.tmddX:deviceInventoryHeaderExt.device-url2.url-reference = http://State.dot.gov/
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.tmddX:deviceInventoryHeaderExt.device-url2.url-reference-medium = rt:medium=referral
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.tmddX:deviceInventoryHeaderExt.device-url3.url-reference = http://State.dot.gov/
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.tmddX:deviceInventoryHeaderExt.device-url3.url-reference-medium = rt:medium=referral
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.tmddX:deviceInventoryHeaderExt.device-url4.url-reference = http://State.dot.gov/
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.tmddX:deviceInventoryHeaderExt.device-url4.url-reference-medium = rt:medium=referral
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].device-inventory-header.tmddX:deviceInventoryHeaderExt.extension =
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].input-channel-list.input-channel.channel-id = NTSC  
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].input-channel-list.input-channel.channel-name = State DOT-News
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].input-channel-list.input-channel.channel-titling-text = State DOT Home Channel
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].output-channel-list.output-channel.channel-id = NTSC  
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].output-channel-list.output-channel.channel-name = State DOT-News
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].output-channel-list.output-channel.channel-titling-text = State DOT Home Channel
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].input-channel-count = 35
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].output-channel-count = 35
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[1].request-supported-type = switch-one-input-to-one-output
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.restrictions.organization-information-forwarding-restrictions = unrestricted
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-id = State DOT Traffic Division
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-name = State DOT
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-location = 1234567890
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-function = State DOT Traffic Subsystems
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line1 = 358 Main Street
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.state = VA
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-id = StateDOTIdentifier
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-name = State DOT Organized Center
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.latitude = 34
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.longitude = -106
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.horizontalDatum = wgs-84egm-96
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.altitude.ft = 0
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.verticalDatum = wgs-84
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-description = This traffic center manages traffic for the whole state.
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-type = fixed
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line1 = 359 Main Street
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.state = NM
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.last-update-time.date = 20160509
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.last-update-time.time = 191400
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.organization-information.last-update-time.offset = -1100
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.device-id = Video-2
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.device-location.latitude = 34
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.device-location.longitude = -106
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.device-location.horizontalDatum = wgs-84egm-96
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.device-location.height.verticalLevel = 15
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.device-name = State DOT Equipment
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.device-description = State DOT Device Description
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.device-control-type = status only
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.controller-description = State DOT Primary Device Controller
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.network-id = StateDOTNetworkRef
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.node-id = StateDOTNodeRef
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.node-name = StateDOTNode
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.link-id = StateDOTLinkRef
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.link-name = state-highway-32-2555
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.link-direction = se
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.linear-reference = Mile 113
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.linear-reference-version = 6
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.route-designator = StateRouteAssignment
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.device-url.url-reference = http://State.dot.gov/
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.device-url.url-reference-medium = rt:medium=referral
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.last-update-time.date = 20160509
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.last-update-time.time = 191400
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.last-update-time.offset = -1100
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.tmddX:deviceInventoryHeaderExt.device-url2.url-reference = http://State.dot.gov/
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.tmddX:deviceInventoryHeaderExt.device-url2.url-reference-medium = rt:medium=referral
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.tmddX:deviceInventoryHeaderExt.device-url3.url-reference = http://State.dot.gov/
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.tmddX:deviceInventoryHeaderExt.device-url3.url-reference-medium = rt:medium=referral
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.tmddX:deviceInventoryHeaderExt.device-url4.url-reference = http://State.dot.gov/
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.tmddX:deviceInventoryHeaderExt.device-url4.url-reference-medium = rt:medium=referral
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].device-inventory-header.tmddX:deviceInventoryHeaderExt.extension =
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].input-channel-list.input-channel.channel-id = NTSC  
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].input-channel-list.input-channel.channel-name = State DOT-News
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].input-channel-list.input-channel.channel-titling-text = State DOT Home Channel
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].output-channel-list.output-channel.channel-id = NTSC  
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].output-channel-list.output-channel.channel-name = State DOT-News
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].output-channel-list.output-channel.channel-titling-text = State DOT Home Channel
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].input-channel-count = 35
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].output-channel-count = 35
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[2].request-supported-type = switch-one-input-to-one-output
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.restrictions.organization-information-forwarding-restrictions = unrestricted
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-id = State DOT Traffic Division
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-name = State DOT
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-location = 1234567890
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-function = State DOT Traffic Subsystems
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line1 = 358 Main Street
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.state = VA
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-id = StateDOTIdentifier
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-name = State DOT Organized Center
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.latitude = 34
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.longitude = -106
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.horizontalDatum = wgs-84egm-96
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.altitude.ft = 0
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.verticalDatum = wgs-84
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-description = This traffic center manages traffic for the whole state.
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-type = fixed
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line1 = 359 Main Street
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.state = NM
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.last-update-time.date = 20160509
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.last-update-time.time = 191400
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.organization-information.last-update-time.offset = -1100
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.device-id = Video-3
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.device-location.latitude = 34
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.device-location.longitude = -106
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.device-location.horizontalDatum = wgs-84egm-96
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.device-location.height.verticalLevel = 15
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.device-name = State DOT Equipment
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.device-description = State DOT Device Description
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.device-control-type = status only
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.controller-description = State DOT Primary Device Controller
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.network-id = StateDOTNetworkRef
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.node-id = StateDOTNodeRef
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.node-name = StateDOTNode
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.link-id = StateDOTLinkRef
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.link-name = state-highway-32-2555
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.link-direction = se
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.linear-reference = Mile 113
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.linear-reference-version = 6
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.route-designator = StateRouteAssignment
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.device-url.url-reference = http://State.dot.gov/
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.device-url.url-reference-medium = rt:medium=referral
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.last-update-time.date = 20160509
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.last-update-time.time = 191400
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.last-update-time.offset = -1100
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.tmddX:deviceInventoryHeaderExt.device-url2.url-reference = http://State.dot.gov/
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.tmddX:deviceInventoryHeaderExt.device-url2.url-reference-medium = rt:medium=referral
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.tmddX:deviceInventoryHeaderExt.device-url3.url-reference = http://State.dot.gov/
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.tmddX:deviceInventoryHeaderExt.device-url3.url-reference-medium = rt:medium=referral
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.tmddX:deviceInventoryHeaderExt.device-url4.url-reference = http://State.dot.gov/
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.tmddX:deviceInventoryHeaderExt.device-url4.url-reference-medium = rt:medium=referral
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].device-inventory-header.tmddX:deviceInventoryHeaderExt.extension =
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].input-channel-list.input-channel.channel-id = NTSC  
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].input-channel-list.input-channel.channel-name = State DOT-News
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].input-channel-list.input-channel.channel-titling-text = State DOT Home Channel
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].output-channel-list.output-channel.channel-id = NTSC  
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].output-channel-list.output-channel.channel-name = State DOT-News
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].output-channel-list.output-channel.channel-titling-text = State DOT Home Channel
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].input-channel-count = 35
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].output-channel-count = 35
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[3].request-supported-type = switch-one-input-to-one-output
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.restrictions.organization-information-forwarding-restrictions = unrestricted
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-id = State DOT Traffic Division
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-name = State DOT
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-location = 1234567890
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-function = State DOT Traffic Subsystems
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line1 = 358 Main Street
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.state = VA
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-id = StateDOTIdentifier
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-name = State DOT Organized Center
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.latitude = 34
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.longitude = -106
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.horizontalDatum = wgs-84egm-96
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.altitude.ft = 0
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.verticalDatum = wgs-84
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-description = This traffic center manages traffic for the whole state.
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-type = fixed
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line1 = 359 Main Street
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.state = NM
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.last-update-time.date = 20160509
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.last-update-time.time = 191400
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.organization-information.last-update-time.offset = -1100
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.device-id = Video-4
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.device-location.latitude = 34
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.device-location.longitude = -106
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.device-location.horizontalDatum = wgs-84egm-96
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.device-location.height.verticalLevel = 15
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.device-name = State DOT Equipment
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.device-description = State DOT Device Description
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.device-control-type = status only
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.controller-description = State DOT Primary Device Controller
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.network-id = StateDOTNetworkRef
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.node-id = StateDOTNodeRef
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.node-name = StateDOTNode
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.link-id = StateDOTLinkRef
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.link-name = state-highway-32-2555
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.link-direction = se
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.linear-reference = Mile 113
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.linear-reference-version = 6
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.route-designator = StateRouteAssignment
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.device-url.url-reference = http://State.dot.gov/
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.device-url.url-reference-medium = rt:medium=referral
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.last-update-time.date = 20160509
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.last-update-time.time = 191400
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.last-update-time.offset = -1100
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.tmddX:deviceInventoryHeaderExt.device-url2.url-reference = http://State.dot.gov/
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.tmddX:deviceInventoryHeaderExt.device-url2.url-reference-medium = rt:medium=referral
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.tmddX:deviceInventoryHeaderExt.device-url3.url-reference = http://State.dot.gov/
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.tmddX:deviceInventoryHeaderExt.device-url3.url-reference-medium = rt:medium=referral
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.tmddX:deviceInventoryHeaderExt.device-url4.url-reference = http://State.dot.gov/
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.tmddX:deviceInventoryHeaderExt.device-url4.url-reference-medium = rt:medium=referral
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].device-inventory-header.tmddX:deviceInventoryHeaderExt.extension =
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].input-channel-list.input-channel.channel-id = NTSC  
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].input-channel-list.input-channel.channel-name = State DOT-News
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].input-channel-list.input-channel.channel-titling-text = State DOT Home Channel
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].output-channel-list.output-channel.channel-id = NTSC  
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].output-channel-list.output-channel.channel-name = State DOT-News
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].output-channel-list.output-channel.channel-titling-text = State DOT Home Channel
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].input-channel-count = 35
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].output-channel-count = 35
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[4].request-supported-type = switch-one-input-to-one-output
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.restrictions.organization-information-forwarding-restrictions = unrestricted
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-id = State DOT Traffic Division
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-name = State DOT
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-location = 1234567890
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-function = State DOT Traffic Subsystems
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line1 = 358 Main Street
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.state = VA
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-id = StateDOTIdentifier
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-name = State DOT Organized Center
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.latitude = 34
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.longitude = -106
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.horizontalDatum = wgs-84egm-96
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.altitude.ft = 0
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.verticalDatum = wgs-84
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-description = This traffic center manages traffic for the whole state.
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-type = fixed
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line1 = 359 Main Street
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.state = NM
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.last-update-time.date = 20160509
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.last-update-time.time = 191400
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.organization-information.last-update-time.offset = -1100
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.device-id = Video-5
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.device-location.latitude = 34
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.device-location.longitude = -106
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.device-location.horizontalDatum = wgs-84egm-96
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.device-location.height.verticalLevel = 15
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.device-name = State DOT Equipment
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.device-description = State DOT Device Description
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.device-control-type = status only
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.controller-description = State DOT Primary Device Controller
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.network-id = StateDOTNetworkRef
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.node-id = StateDOTNodeRef
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.node-name = StateDOTNode
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.link-id = StateDOTLinkRef
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.link-name = state-highway-32-2555
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.link-direction = se
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.linear-reference = Mile 113
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.linear-reference-version = 6
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.route-designator = StateRouteAssignment
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.device-url.url-reference = http://State.dot.gov/
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.device-url.url-reference-medium = rt:medium=referral
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.last-update-time.date = 20160509
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.last-update-time.time = 191400
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.last-update-time.offset = -1100
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.tmddX:deviceInventoryHeaderExt.device-url2.url-reference = http://State.dot.gov/
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.tmddX:deviceInventoryHeaderExt.device-url2.url-reference-medium = rt:medium=referral
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.tmddX:deviceInventoryHeaderExt.device-url3.url-reference = http://State.dot.gov/
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.tmddX:deviceInventoryHeaderExt.device-url3.url-reference-medium = rt:medium=referral
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.tmddX:deviceInventoryHeaderExt.device-url4.url-reference = http://State.dot.gov/
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.tmddX:deviceInventoryHeaderExt.device-url4.url-reference-medium = rt:medium=referral
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].device-inventory-header.tmddX:deviceInventoryHeaderExt.extension =
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].input-channel-list.input-channel.channel-id = NTSC  
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].input-channel-list.input-channel.channel-name = State DOT-News
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].input-channel-list.input-channel.channel-titling-text = State DOT Home Channel
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].output-channel-list.output-channel.channel-id = NTSC  
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].output-channel-list.output-channel.channel-name = State DOT-News
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].output-channel-list.output-channel.channel-titling-text = State DOT Home Channel
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].input-channel-count = 35
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].output-channel-count = 35
tmdd:videoSwitchInventoryMsg.video-switch-inventory-item[5].request-supported-type = switch-one-input-to-one-output
