tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-station-status-header.restrictions.organization-information-forwarding-restrictions = not to public
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-station-status-header.organization-information.organization-id = transcore.com
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-station-status-header.organization-information.organization-name = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-station-status-header.organization-information.organization-location = stringstri
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-station-status-header.organization-information.organization-function = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-station-status-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.contact-id = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-station-status-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-name = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-station-status-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-title = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-station-status-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-number = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-station-status-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-alternate = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-station-status-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-station-status-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-station-status-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.fax-number = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-station-status-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-number = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-station-status-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-id = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-station-status-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.email-address = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-station-status-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.radio-unit = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-station-status-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line1 = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-station-status-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line2 = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-station-status-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.city = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-station-status-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.state = st
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-station-status-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.zip-code = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-station-status-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.country = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-station-status-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-id = tcore_test
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-station-status-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-name = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-station-status-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.latitude = 33964380
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-station-status-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.longitude = -84217945
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-station-status-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.horizontalDatum = 3
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-station-status-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.altitude.ft = 3
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-station-status-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.verticalDatum = 1
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-station-status-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-description = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-station-status-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-type = 2
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-station-status-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.contact-id = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-station-status-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-name = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-station-status-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-title = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-station-status-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-number = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-station-status-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-alternate = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-station-status-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-station-status-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-station-status-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.fax-number = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-station-status-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-number = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-station-status-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-id = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-station-status-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.email-address = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-station-status-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.radio-unit = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-station-status-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line1 = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-station-status-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line2 = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-station-status-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.city = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-station-status-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.state = st
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-station-status-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.zip-code = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-station-status-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.country = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-station-status-header.organization-information.last-update-time.date = 20130531
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-station-status-header.organization-information.last-update-time.time = 105805
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-station-status-header.organization-information.last-update-time.offset = 01:00
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-station-status-header.device-id = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-station-status-header.device-status = other
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-station-status-header.center-id = tcore_test
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-station-status-header.device-comm-status = operational
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-station-status-header.operator-id = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-station-status-header.event-id = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-station-status-header.response-plan-id = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-station-status-header.last-comm-time.date = stringst
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-station-status-header.last-comm-time.time = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-station-status-header.last-comm-time.offset = strin
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-status-list.detector.detector-status-header.restrictions.organization-information-forwarding-restrictions = 5
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-status-list.detector.detector-status-header.organization-information.organization-id = transcore.com
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-status-list.detector.detector-status-header.organization-information.organization-name = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-status-list.detector.detector-status-header.organization-information.organization-location = stringstri
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-status-list.detector.detector-status-header.organization-information.organization-function = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-status-list.detector.detector-status-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.contact-id = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-status-list.detector.detector-status-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-name = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-status-list.detector.detector-status-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-title = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-status-list.detector.detector-status-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-number = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-status-list.detector.detector-status-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-alternate = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-status-list.detector.detector-status-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-status-list.detector.detector-status-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-status-list.detector.detector-status-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.fax-number = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-status-list.detector.detector-status-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-number = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-status-list.detector.detector-status-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-id = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-status-list.detector.detector-status-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.email-address = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-status-list.detector.detector-status-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.radio-unit = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-status-list.detector.detector-status-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line1 = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-status-list.detector.detector-status-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line2 = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-status-list.detector.detector-status-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.city = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-status-list.detector.detector-status-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.state = st
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-status-list.detector.detector-status-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.zip-code = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-status-list.detector.detector-status-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.country = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-status-list.detector.detector-status-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-id = tcore_test
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-status-list.detector.detector-status-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-name = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-status-list.detector.detector-status-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.latitude = 33964380
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-status-list.detector.detector-status-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.longitude = -84217945
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-status-list.detector.detector-status-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.horizontalDatum = wgs-84
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-status-list.detector.detector-status-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.verticalLevel = 2
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-status-list.detector.detector-status-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-description = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-status-list.detector.detector-status-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-type = mobile
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-status-list.detector.detector-status-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.contact-id = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-status-list.detector.detector-status-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-name = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-status-list.detector.detector-status-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-title = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-status-list.detector.detector-status-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-number = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-status-list.detector.detector-status-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-alternate = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-status-list.detector.detector-status-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-status-list.detector.detector-status-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-status-list.detector.detector-status-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.fax-number = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-status-list.detector.detector-status-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-number = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-status-list.detector.detector-status-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-id = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-status-list.detector.detector-status-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.email-address = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-status-list.detector.detector-status-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.radio-unit = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-status-list.detector.detector-status-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line1 = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-status-list.detector.detector-status-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line2 = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-status-list.detector.detector-status-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.city = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-status-list.detector.detector-status-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.state = st
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-status-list.detector.detector-status-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.zip-code = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-status-list.detector.detector-status-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.country = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-status-list.detector.detector-status-header.organization-information.last-update-time.date = 20130531
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-status-list.detector.detector-status-header.organization-information.last-update-time.time = 105805
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-status-list.detector.detector-status-header.organization-information.last-update-time.offset = 01:00
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-status-list.detector.detector-status-header.device-id = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-status-list.detector.detector-status-header.device-status = other
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-status-list.detector.detector-status-header.center-id = tcore_test
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-status-list.detector.detector-status-header.device-comm-status = 4
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-status-list.detector.detector-status-header.operator-id = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-status-list.detector.detector-status-header.event-id = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-status-list.detector.detector-status-header.response-plan-id = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-status-list.detector.detector-status-header.last-comm-time.date = stringst
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-status-list.detector.detector-status-header.last-comm-time.time = string
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-status-list.detector.detector-status-header.last-comm-time.offset = strin
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-status-list.detector.detector-lane-number = 6
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-status-list.detector.lane-direction = 7
tmdd:detectorStatusMsg.detector-status-item.detector-status-list.detector.detector-outputmode = 6
