tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.restrictions.organization-information-forwarding-restrictions = not to public
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-id = transcore.com
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-name = string
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-location = stringstri
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-function = string
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.contact-id = string
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-name = string
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-title = string
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-number = string
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-alternate = string
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = string
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = string
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.fax-number = string
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-number = string
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-id = string
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.email-address = string
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.radio-unit = string
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line1 = string
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line2 = string
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.city = string
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.state = st
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.zip-code = string
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.organization-information.organization-contact-details.country = string
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-id = tcore_test
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-name = string
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.latitude = 33964380
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.longitude = -84217945
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.horizontalDatum = 3
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.altitude.ft = 3
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.verticalDatum = 1
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-description = string
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-type = 2
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.contact-id = string
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-name = string
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-title = string
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-number = string
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-alternate = string
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = string
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = string
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.fax-number = string
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-number = string
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-id = string
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.email-address = string
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.radio-unit = string
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line1 = string
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line2 = string
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.city = string
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.state = st
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.zip-code = string
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.country = string
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.organization-information.last-update-time.date = 20130531
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.organization-information.last-update-time.time = 105805
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.organization-information.last-update-time.offset = 01:00
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.device-id = string
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.device-location.latitude = 33964380
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.device-location.longitude = -84217945
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.device-location.horizontalDatum = nad27
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.device-location.height.verticalLevel = 2
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.device-name = string
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.device-description = string
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.device-control-type = 4
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.controller-description = string
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.network-id = string
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.node-id = string
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.node-name = string
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.link-id = string
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.link-name = string
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.link-direction = 7
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.linear-reference = string
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.linear-reference-version = 6
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.route-designator = string
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.device-url.url-reference = string
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.device-url.url-reference-medium = string
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.last-update-time.date = 20130531
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.last-update-time.time = 105805
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.last-update-time.offset = 01:00
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.tmddX:deviceInventoryHeaderExt.device-url2.url-reference = http://State.dot.gov/
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.tmddX:deviceInventoryHeaderExt.device-url2.url-reference-medium = rt:medium=referral
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.tmddX:deviceInventoryHeaderExt.device-url3.url-reference = http://State.dot.gov/
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.tmddX:deviceInventoryHeaderExt.device-url3.url-reference-medium = rt:medium=referral
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.tmddX:deviceInventoryHeaderExt.device-url4.url-reference = http://State.dot.gov/
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.tmddX:deviceInventoryHeaderExt.device-url4.url-reference-medium = rt:medium=referral
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.device-inventory-header.tmddX:deviceInventoryHeaderExt.extension =
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.intersection-name = string
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.controller-master-id = string
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.intersection-link-list.link.link-id = string
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.intersection-link-list.link.link-direction = s
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.movement-list.intersection-movements.movement-identifier = string
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.movement-list.intersection-movements.approach-link-id = string
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.movement-list.intersection-movements.departing-link-id = string
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.movement-list.intersection-movements.crossing-point.latitude = 33964380
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.movement-list.intersection-movements.crossing-point.longitude = -84217945
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.movement-list.intersection-movements.crossing-point.horizontalDatum = nad83
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.movement-list.intersection-movements.crossing-point.height.verticalLevel = 2
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.movement-list.intersection-movements.approach-vector = 7
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.movement-list.intersection-movements.turning-movement-code = other
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.movement-list.intersection-movements.turning-movement-lanes.lanes = 6
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.movement-list.intersection-movements.turning-movement-text = string
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.phase-list.phases.phase-identifier = 6
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.phase-list.phases.coordinated-phase = 1
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.phase-list.phases.concurrent-phases-list.phase-identifier = 6
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.phase-list.phases.active-movements-list.movement-identifier = string
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.overlap-phase-list.overlap-phases.overlap-identifier = 6
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.overlap-phase-list.overlap-phases.overlap-included-phases.phase-identifier = 6
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.overlap-phase-list.overlap-phases.active-movements-list.movement-identifier = string
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.ring-list.rings.ring-identifier = string
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.ring-list.rings.ring-phase-assignment.ring-phase-identifier = 6
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.special-functions-list.special-functions.special-function-identifier = 6
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.special-functions-list.special-functions.special-function-description = string
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.time-reference-code = 4
tmdd:intersectionSignalInventoryMsg.intersection-signal-inventory-item.pattern-sync-reference = 5
