tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].restrictions.organization-information-forwarding-restrictions = unrestricted
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-id = State DOT Traffic Division
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-name = State DOT
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-location = 1234567890
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-function = State DOT Traffic Subsystems
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line1 = 217 Main Street
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.state = NM
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-id = StateDOTIdentifier
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-name = State DOT Organized Center
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.latitude = 34
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.longitude = -106
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.horizontalDatum = wgs-84egm-96
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.altitude.ft = 0
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.verticalDatum = wgs-84
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-description = This traffic center manages traffic for the whole state.
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-type = fixed
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line1 = 218 Main Street
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.state = VA
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].organization-information.last-update-time.date = 5/9/2016
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].organization-information.last-update-time.time = 7:14PM
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].organization-information.last-update-time.offset = -1100
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].device-id = DMS-1
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].message-memory-type = currentBuffer
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].message-number = StateDOTDMSMessageNum
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].message = AIR QUALITY ALERT FOR TODAY. PLEASE TRY TO CARPOOL.
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].message-owner-organization-information.organization-id = State DOT Traffic Division
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].message-owner-organization-information.organization-name = State DOT
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].message-owner-organization-information.organization-location = 1234567890
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].message-owner-organization-information.organization-function = State DOT Traffic Subsystems
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line1 = 219 Main Street
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.state = NM
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-id = StateDOTIdentifier
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-name = State DOT Organized Center
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.latitude = 34
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.longitude = -106
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.horizontalDatum = wgs-84egm-96
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.altitude.mDec = 0
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.verticalDatum = wgs-84
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-description = This traffic center manages traffic for the whole state.
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-type = fixed
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line1 = 220 Main Street
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.state = VA
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].message-owner-organization-information.last-update-time.date = 5/9/2016
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].message-owner-organization-information.last-update-time.time = 7:14PM
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].message-owner-organization-information.last-update-time.offset = -1100
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].enable-beacon-flag = yes
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].message-run-time-priority = 1
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].message-status = validating
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].last-update-time.date = 5/9/2016
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].last-update-time.time = 7:14PM
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[1].last-update-time.offset = -1100
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].restrictions.organization-information-forwarding-restrictions = unrestricted
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-id = State DOT Traffic Division
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-name = State DOT
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-location = 1234567890
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-function = State DOT Traffic Subsystems
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line1 = 217 Main Street
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.state = NM
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-id = StateDOTIdentifier
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-name = State DOT Organized Center
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.latitude = 34
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.longitude = -106
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.horizontalDatum = wgs-84egm-96
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.altitude.ft = 0
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.verticalDatum = wgs-84
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-description = This traffic center manages traffic for the whole state.
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-type = fixed
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line1 = 218 Main Street
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.state = VA
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].organization-information.last-update-time.date = 5/9/2016
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].organization-information.last-update-time.time = 7:14PM
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].organization-information.last-update-time.offset = -1100
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].device-id = DMS-2
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].message-memory-type = currentBuffer
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].message-number = StateDOTDMSMessageNum
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].message = AIR QUALITY ALERT FOR TODAY. PLEASE TRY TO CARPOOL.
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].message-owner-organization-information.organization-id = State DOT Traffic Division
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].message-owner-organization-information.organization-name = State DOT
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].message-owner-organization-information.organization-location = 1234567890
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].message-owner-organization-information.organization-function = State DOT Traffic Subsystems
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line1 = 219 Main Street
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.state = NM
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-id = StateDOTIdentifier
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-name = State DOT Organized Center
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.latitude = 34
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.longitude = -106
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.horizontalDatum = wgs-84egm-96
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.altitude.mDec = 0
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.verticalDatum = wgs-84
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-description = This traffic center manages traffic for the whole state.
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-type = fixed
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line1 = 220 Main Street
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.state = VA
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].message-owner-organization-information.last-update-time.date = 5/9/2016
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].message-owner-organization-information.last-update-time.time = 7:14PM
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].message-owner-organization-information.last-update-time.offset = -1100
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].enable-beacon-flag = yes
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].message-run-time-priority = 1
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].message-status = validating
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].last-update-time.date = 5/9/2016
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].last-update-time.time = 7:14PM
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[2].last-update-time.offset = -1100
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].restrictions.organization-information-forwarding-restrictions = unrestricted
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-id = State DOT Traffic Division
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-name = State DOT
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-location = 1234567890
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-function = State DOT Traffic Subsystems
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line1 = 217 Main Street
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.state = NM
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-id = StateDOTIdentifier
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-name = State DOT Organized Center
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.latitude = 34
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.longitude = -106
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.horizontalDatum = wgs-84egm-96
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.altitude.ft = 0
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.verticalDatum = wgs-84
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-description = This traffic center manages traffic for the whole state.
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-type = fixed
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line1 = 218 Main Street
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.state = VA
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].organization-information.last-update-time.date = 5/9/2016
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].organization-information.last-update-time.time = 7:14PM
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].organization-information.last-update-time.offset = -1100
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].device-id = DMS-3
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].message-memory-type = currentBuffer
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].message-number = StateDOTDMSMessageNum
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].message = AIR QUALITY ALERT FOR TODAY. PLEASE TRY TO CARPOOL.
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].message-owner-organization-information.organization-id = State DOT Traffic Division
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].message-owner-organization-information.organization-name = State DOT
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].message-owner-organization-information.organization-location = 1234567890
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].message-owner-organization-information.organization-function = State DOT Traffic Subsystems
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line1 = 219 Main Street
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.state = NM
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-id = StateDOTIdentifier
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-name = State DOT Organized Center
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.latitude = 34
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.longitude = -106
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.horizontalDatum = wgs-84egm-96
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.altitude.mDec = 0
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.verticalDatum = wgs-84
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-description = This traffic center manages traffic for the whole state.
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-type = fixed
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line1 = 220 Main Street
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.state = VA
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].message-owner-organization-information.last-update-time.date = 5/9/2016
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].message-owner-organization-information.last-update-time.time = 7:14PM
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].message-owner-organization-information.last-update-time.offset = -1100
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].enable-beacon-flag = yes
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].message-run-time-priority = 1
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].message-status = validating
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].last-update-time.date = 5/9/2016
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].last-update-time.time = 7:14PM
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[3].last-update-time.offset = -1100
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].restrictions.organization-information-forwarding-restrictions = unrestricted
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-id = State DOT Traffic Division
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-name = State DOT
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-location = 1234567890
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-function = State DOT Traffic Subsystems
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line1 = 217 Main Street
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.state = NM
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-id = StateDOTIdentifier
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-name = State DOT Organized Center
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.latitude = 34
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.longitude = -106
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.horizontalDatum = wgs-84egm-96
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.altitude.ft = 0
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.verticalDatum = wgs-84
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-description = This traffic center manages traffic for the whole state.
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-type = fixed
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line1 = 218 Main Street
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.state = VA
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].organization-information.last-update-time.date = 5/9/2016
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].organization-information.last-update-time.time = 7:14PM
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].organization-information.last-update-time.offset = -1100
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].device-id = DMS-4
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].message-memory-type = currentBuffer
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].message-number = StateDOTDMSMessageNum
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].message = AIR QUALITY ALERT FOR TODAY. PLEASE TRY TO CARPOOL.
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].message-owner-organization-information.organization-id = State DOT Traffic Division
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].message-owner-organization-information.organization-name = State DOT
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].message-owner-organization-information.organization-location = 1234567890
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].message-owner-organization-information.organization-function = State DOT Traffic Subsystems
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line1 = 219 Main Street
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.state = NM
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-id = StateDOTIdentifier
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-name = State DOT Organized Center
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.latitude = 34
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.longitude = -106
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.horizontalDatum = wgs-84egm-96
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.altitude.mDec = 0
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.verticalDatum = wgs-84
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-description = This traffic center manages traffic for the whole state.
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-type = fixed
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line1 = 220 Main Street
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.state = VA
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].message-owner-organization-information.last-update-time.date = 5/9/2016
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].message-owner-organization-information.last-update-time.time = 7:14PM
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].message-owner-organization-information.last-update-time.offset = -1100
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].enable-beacon-flag = yes
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].message-run-time-priority = 1
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].message-status = validating
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].last-update-time.date = 5/9/2016
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].last-update-time.time = 7:14PM
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[4].last-update-time.offset = -1100
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].restrictions.organization-information-forwarding-restrictions = unrestricted
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-id = State DOT Traffic Division
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-name = State DOT
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-location = 1234567890
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-function = State DOT Traffic Subsystems
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line1 = 217 Main Street
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.state = NM
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-id = StateDOTIdentifier
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-name = State DOT Organized Center
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.latitude = 34
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.longitude = -106
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.horizontalDatum = wgs-84egm-96
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.altitude.ft = 0
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.verticalDatum = wgs-84
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-description = This traffic center manages traffic for the whole state.
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-type = fixed
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line1 = 218 Main Street
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.state = VA
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].organization-information.last-update-time.date = 5/9/2016
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].organization-information.last-update-time.time = 7:14PM
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].organization-information.last-update-time.offset = -1100
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].device-id = DMS-5
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].message-memory-type = currentBuffer
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].message-number = StateDOTDMSMessageNum
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].message = AIR QUALITY ALERT FOR TODAY. PLEASE TRY TO CARPOOL.
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].message-owner-organization-information.organization-id = State DOT Traffic Division
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].message-owner-organization-information.organization-name = State DOT
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].message-owner-organization-information.organization-location = 1234567890
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].message-owner-organization-information.organization-function = State DOT Traffic Subsystems
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line1 = 219 Main Street
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.state = NM
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].message-owner-organization-information.organization-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-id = StateDOTIdentifier
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-name = State DOT Organized Center
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.latitude = 34
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.longitude = -106
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.horizontalDatum = wgs-84egm-96
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.altitude.mDec = 0
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.verticalDatum = wgs-84
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-description = This traffic center manages traffic for the whole state.
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-type = fixed
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line1 = 220 Main Street
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.state = VA
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].message-owner-organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].message-owner-organization-information.last-update-time.date = 5/9/2016
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].message-owner-organization-information.last-update-time.time = 7:14PM
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].message-owner-organization-information.last-update-time.offset = -1100
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].enable-beacon-flag = yes
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].message-run-time-priority = 1
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].message-status = validating
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].last-update-time.date = 5/9/2016
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].last-update-time.time = 7:14PM
tmdd:dMSMessageInventoryMsg.dms-message-inventory-item[5].last-update-time.offset = -1100