tmdd:eSSObservationReportMsg.ess-observation-report-item.restrictions.organization-information-forwarding-restrictions = not to public
tmdd:eSSObservationReportMsg.ess-observation-report-item.organization-information.organization-id = transcore.com
tmdd:eSSObservationReportMsg.ess-observation-report-item.organization-information.organization-name = string
tmdd:eSSObservationReportMsg.ess-observation-report-item.organization-information.organization-location = stringstri
tmdd:eSSObservationReportMsg.ess-observation-report-item.organization-information.organization-function = string
tmdd:eSSObservationReportMsg.ess-observation-report-item.organization-information.organization-contact-details.contact-id = string
tmdd:eSSObservationReportMsg.ess-observation-report-item.organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-name = string
tmdd:eSSObservationReportMsg.ess-observation-report-item.organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-title = string
tmdd:eSSObservationReportMsg.ess-observation-report-item.organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-number = string
tmdd:eSSObservationReportMsg.ess-observation-report-item.organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-alternate = string
tmdd:eSSObservationReportMsg.ess-observation-report-item.organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = string
tmdd:eSSObservationReportMsg.ess-observation-report-item.organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = string
tmdd:eSSObservationReportMsg.ess-observation-report-item.organization-information.organization-contact-details.fax-number = string
tmdd:eSSObservationReportMsg.ess-observation-report-item.organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-number = string
tmdd:eSSObservationReportMsg.ess-observation-report-item.organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-id = string
tmdd:eSSObservationReportMsg.ess-observation-report-item.organization-information.organization-contact-details.email-address = string
tmdd:eSSObservationReportMsg.ess-observation-report-item.organization-information.organization-contact-details.radio-unit = string
tmdd:eSSObservationReportMsg.ess-observation-report-item.organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line1 = string
tmdd:eSSObservationReportMsg.ess-observation-report-item.organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line2 = string
tmdd:eSSObservationReportMsg.ess-observation-report-item.organization-information.organization-contact-details.city = string
tmdd:eSSObservationReportMsg.ess-observation-report-item.organization-information.organization-contact-details.state = st
tmdd:eSSObservationReportMsg.ess-observation-report-item.organization-information.organization-contact-details.zip-code = string
tmdd:eSSObservationReportMsg.ess-observation-report-item.organization-information.organization-contact-details.country = string
tmdd:eSSObservationReportMsg.ess-observation-report-item.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-id = tcore_test
tmdd:eSSObservationReportMsg.ess-observation-report-item.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-name = string
tmdd:eSSObservationReportMsg.ess-observation-report-item.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.latitude = 33964380
tmdd:eSSObservationReportMsg.ess-observation-report-item.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.longitude = -84217945
tmdd:eSSObservationReportMsg.ess-observation-report-item.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.horizontalDatum = 3
tmdd:eSSObservationReportMsg.ess-observation-report-item.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.altitude.ft = 3
tmdd:eSSObservationReportMsg.ess-observation-report-item.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.verticalDatum = 1
tmdd:eSSObservationReportMsg.ess-observation-report-item.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-description = string
tmdd:eSSObservationReportMsg.ess-observation-report-item.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-type = 2
tmdd:eSSObservationReportMsg.ess-observation-report-item.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.contact-id = string
tmdd:eSSObservationReportMsg.ess-observation-report-item.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-name = string
tmdd:eSSObservationReportMsg.ess-observation-report-item.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-title = string
tmdd:eSSObservationReportMsg.ess-observation-report-item.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-number = string
tmdd:eSSObservationReportMsg.ess-observation-report-item.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-alternate = string
tmdd:eSSObservationReportMsg.ess-observation-report-item.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = string
tmdd:eSSObservationReportMsg.ess-observation-report-item.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = string
tmdd:eSSObservationReportMsg.ess-observation-report-item.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.fax-number = string
tmdd:eSSObservationReportMsg.ess-observation-report-item.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-number = string
tmdd:eSSObservationReportMsg.ess-observation-report-item.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-id = string
tmdd:eSSObservationReportMsg.ess-observation-report-item.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.email-address = string
tmdd:eSSObservationReportMsg.ess-observation-report-item.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.radio-unit = string
tmdd:eSSObservationReportMsg.ess-observation-report-item.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line1 = string
tmdd:eSSObservationReportMsg.ess-observation-report-item.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line2 = string
tmdd:eSSObservationReportMsg.ess-observation-report-item.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.city = string
tmdd:eSSObservationReportMsg.ess-observation-report-item.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.state = st
tmdd:eSSObservationReportMsg.ess-observation-report-item.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.zip-code = string
tmdd:eSSObservationReportMsg.ess-observation-report-item.organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.country = string
tmdd:eSSObservationReportMsg.ess-observation-report-item.organization-information.last-update-time.date = 20130531
tmdd:eSSObservationReportMsg.ess-observation-report-item.organization-information.last-update-time.time = 105805
tmdd:eSSObservationReportMsg.ess-observation-report-item.organization-information.last-update-time.offset = 01:00
tmdd:eSSObservationReportMsg.ess-observation-report-item.station-id = string
tmdd:eSSObservationReportMsg.ess-observation-report-item.ess-data-list.ess-sensor.ess-sensor-id = string
tmdd:eSSObservationReportMsg.ess-observation-report-item.ess-data-list.ess-sensor.ess-observation-timestamp.date = stringst
tmdd:eSSObservationReportMsg.ess-observation-report-item.ess-data-list.ess-sensor.ess-observation-timestamp.time = string
tmdd:eSSObservationReportMsg.ess-observation-report-item.ess-data-list.ess-sensor.ess-observation-timestamp.offset = strin
tmdd:eSSObservationReportMsg.ess-observation-report-item.ess-data-list.ess-sensor.ess-observation-type.subsurface-data = string
