tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].restrictions.organization-information-forwarding-restrictions = not to public
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-id = agency.com
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-name = State DOT
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-location = 1234567890
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-function = State DOT Traffic Subsystems
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line1 = 304 Main Street
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.state = VA
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].organization-information.organization-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-id = agency_test
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-name = State DOT Organized Center
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.latitude = 33964380
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.longitude = -84217945
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.horizontalDatum = 3
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.altitude.ft = 3
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.verticalDatum = 1
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-description = This traffic center manages traffic for the whole state.
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-type = 2
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line1 = 305 Main Street
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.state = NM
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].organization-information.last-update-time.date = 20130531
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].organization-information.last-update-time.time = 105805
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].organization-information.last-update-time.offset = 01:00
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].link-inventory-list.link.network-id = StateDOTNetworkRef
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].link-inventory-list.link.network-name = StateDOTNetwork
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].link-inventory-list.link.link-id = Link-1
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].link-inventory-list.link.link-name = state-highway-32-2572
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].link-inventory-list.link.alternate-link-name = StateDOTAlternateLinkIdentity
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].link-inventory-list.link.link-route-designator = State DOT Link Route Assignment
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].link-inventory-list.link.secondary-link-route-designator = Highway
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].link-inventory-list.link.link-type = air link
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].link-inventory-list.link.link-begin-node-id = StateDOTBeginLId
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].link-inventory-list.link.link-begin-node-location.latitude = 33964380
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].link-inventory-list.link.link-begin-node-location.longitude = -84217945
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].link-inventory-list.link.link-begin-node-location.horizontalDatum = wgs-84
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].link-inventory-list.link.link-begin-node-location.height.altitude.mDec = 1000.00
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].link-inventory-list.link.link-begin-node-location.height.verticalDatum = 1
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].link-inventory-list.link.link-end-node-id = StateDOTLEndId
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].link-inventory-list.link.link-end-node-location.latitude = 33964380
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].link-inventory-list.link.link-end-node-location.longitude = -84217945
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].link-inventory-list.link.link-end-node-location.horizontalDatum = nad83
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].link-inventory-list.link.link-end-node-location.height.verticalLevel = 2
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].link-inventory-list.link.linear-reference = Mile 109
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].link-inventory-list.link.linear-reference-version = 6
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].link-inventory-list.link.link-length = 7
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].link-inventory-list.link.link-capacity = 7
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].link-inventory-list.link.link-speed-limit = 6
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].link-inventory-list.link.link-speed-limit-truck = 6
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].link-inventory-list.link.link-speed-limit-units = miles per hour
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].link-inventory-list.link.link-jurisdiction = Fiber Highway District
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].link-inventory-list.link.link-owner = State
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].link-inventory-list.link.left-shoulder-width = 5
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].link-inventory-list.link.right-shoulder-width = 5
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].link-inventory-list.link.lane-separator = 7
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].link-inventory-list.link.last-update-time.date = 20130531
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].link-inventory-list.link.last-update-time.time = 105805
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[1].link-inventory-list.link.last-update-time.offset = 01:00
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].restrictions.organization-information-forwarding-restrictions = not to public
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-id = agency.com
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-name = State DOT
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-location = 1234567890
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-function = State DOT Traffic Subsystems
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line1 = 304 Main Street
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.state = VA
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].organization-information.organization-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-id = agency_test
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-name = State DOT Organized Center
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.latitude = 33964380
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.longitude = -84217945
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.horizontalDatum = 3
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.altitude.ft = 3
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.verticalDatum = 1
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-description = This traffic center manages traffic for the whole state.
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-type = 2
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line1 = 305 Main Street
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.state = NM
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].organization-information.last-update-time.date = 20130531
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].organization-information.last-update-time.time = 105805
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].organization-information.last-update-time.offset = 01:00
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].link-inventory-list.link.network-id = StateDOTNetworkRef
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].link-inventory-list.link.network-name = StateDOTNetwork
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].link-inventory-list.link.link-id = Link-2
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].link-inventory-list.link.link-name = state-highway-32-2572
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].link-inventory-list.link.alternate-link-name = StateDOTAlternateLinkIdentity
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].link-inventory-list.link.link-route-designator = State DOT Link Route Assignment
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].link-inventory-list.link.secondary-link-route-designator = Highway
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].link-inventory-list.link.link-type = air link
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].link-inventory-list.link.link-begin-node-id = StateDOTBeginLId
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].link-inventory-list.link.link-begin-node-location.latitude = 33964380
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].link-inventory-list.link.link-begin-node-location.longitude = -84217945
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].link-inventory-list.link.link-begin-node-location.horizontalDatum = wgs-84
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].link-inventory-list.link.link-begin-node-location.height.altitude.mDec = 1000.00
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].link-inventory-list.link.link-begin-node-location.height.verticalDatum = 1
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].link-inventory-list.link.link-end-node-id = StateDOTLEndId
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].link-inventory-list.link.link-end-node-location.latitude = 33964380
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].link-inventory-list.link.link-end-node-location.longitude = -84217945
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].link-inventory-list.link.link-end-node-location.horizontalDatum = nad83
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].link-inventory-list.link.link-end-node-location.height.verticalLevel = 2
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].link-inventory-list.link.linear-reference = Mile 109
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].link-inventory-list.link.linear-reference-version = 6
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].link-inventory-list.link.link-length = 7
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].link-inventory-list.link.link-capacity = 7
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].link-inventory-list.link.link-speed-limit = 6
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].link-inventory-list.link.link-speed-limit-truck = 6
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].link-inventory-list.link.link-speed-limit-units = miles per hour
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].link-inventory-list.link.link-jurisdiction = Fiber Highway District
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].link-inventory-list.link.link-owner = State
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].link-inventory-list.link.left-shoulder-width = 5
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].link-inventory-list.link.right-shoulder-width = 5
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].link-inventory-list.link.lane-separator = 7
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].link-inventory-list.link.last-update-time.date = 20130531
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].link-inventory-list.link.last-update-time.time = 105805
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[2].link-inventory-list.link.last-update-time.offset = 01:00
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].restrictions.organization-information-forwarding-restrictions = not to public
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-id = agency.com
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-name = State DOT
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-location = 1234567890
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-function = State DOT Traffic Subsystems
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line1 = 304 Main Street
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.state = VA
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].organization-information.organization-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-id = agency_test
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-name = State DOT Organized Center
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.latitude = 33964380
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.longitude = -84217945
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.horizontalDatum = 3
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.altitude.ft = 3
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.verticalDatum = 1
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-description = This traffic center manages traffic for the whole state.
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-type = 2
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line1 = 305 Main Street
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.state = NM
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].organization-information.last-update-time.date = 20130531
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].organization-information.last-update-time.time = 105805
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].organization-information.last-update-time.offset = 01:00
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].link-inventory-list.link.network-id = StateDOTNetworkRef
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].link-inventory-list.link.network-name = StateDOTNetwork
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].link-inventory-list.link.link-id = Link-3
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].link-inventory-list.link.link-name = state-highway-32-2572
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].link-inventory-list.link.alternate-link-name = StateDOTAlternateLinkIdentity
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].link-inventory-list.link.link-route-designator = State DOT Link Route Assignment
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].link-inventory-list.link.secondary-link-route-designator = Highway
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].link-inventory-list.link.link-type = air link
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].link-inventory-list.link.link-begin-node-id = StateDOTBeginLId
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].link-inventory-list.link.link-begin-node-location.latitude = 33964380
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].link-inventory-list.link.link-begin-node-location.longitude = -84217945
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].link-inventory-list.link.link-begin-node-location.horizontalDatum = wgs-84
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].link-inventory-list.link.link-begin-node-location.height.altitude.mDec = 1000.00
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].link-inventory-list.link.link-begin-node-location.height.verticalDatum = 1
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].link-inventory-list.link.link-end-node-id = StateDOTLEndId
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].link-inventory-list.link.link-end-node-location.latitude = 33964380
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].link-inventory-list.link.link-end-node-location.longitude = -84217945
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].link-inventory-list.link.link-end-node-location.horizontalDatum = nad83
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].link-inventory-list.link.link-end-node-location.height.verticalLevel = 2
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].link-inventory-list.link.linear-reference = Mile 109
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].link-inventory-list.link.linear-reference-version = 6
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].link-inventory-list.link.link-length = 7
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].link-inventory-list.link.link-capacity = 7
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].link-inventory-list.link.link-speed-limit = 6
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].link-inventory-list.link.link-speed-limit-truck = 6
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].link-inventory-list.link.link-speed-limit-units = miles per hour
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].link-inventory-list.link.link-jurisdiction = Fiber Highway District
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].link-inventory-list.link.link-owner = State
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].link-inventory-list.link.left-shoulder-width = 5
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].link-inventory-list.link.right-shoulder-width = 5
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].link-inventory-list.link.lane-separator = 7
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].link-inventory-list.link.last-update-time.date = 20130531
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].link-inventory-list.link.last-update-time.time = 105805
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[3].link-inventory-list.link.last-update-time.offset = 01:00
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].restrictions.organization-information-forwarding-restrictions = not to public
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-id = agency.com
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-name = State DOT
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-location = 1234567890
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-function = State DOT Traffic Subsystems
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line1 = 304 Main Street
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.state = VA
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].organization-information.organization-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-id = agency_test
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-name = State DOT Organized Center
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.latitude = 33964380
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.longitude = -84217945
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.horizontalDatum = 3
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.altitude.ft = 3
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.verticalDatum = 1
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-description = This traffic center manages traffic for the whole state.
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-type = 2
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line1 = 305 Main Street
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.state = NM
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].organization-information.last-update-time.date = 20130531
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].organization-information.last-update-time.time = 105805
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].organization-information.last-update-time.offset = 01:00
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].link-inventory-list.link.network-id = StateDOTNetworkRef
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].link-inventory-list.link.network-name = StateDOTNetwork
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].link-inventory-list.link.link-id = Link-4
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].link-inventory-list.link.link-name = state-highway-32-2572
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].link-inventory-list.link.alternate-link-name = StateDOTAlternateLinkIdentity
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].link-inventory-list.link.link-route-designator = State DOT Link Route Assignment
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].link-inventory-list.link.secondary-link-route-designator = Highway
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].link-inventory-list.link.link-type = air link
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].link-inventory-list.link.link-begin-node-id = StateDOTBeginLId
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].link-inventory-list.link.link-begin-node-location.latitude = 33964380
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].link-inventory-list.link.link-begin-node-location.longitude = -84217945
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].link-inventory-list.link.link-begin-node-location.horizontalDatum = wgs-84
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].link-inventory-list.link.link-begin-node-location.height.altitude.mDec = 1000.00
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].link-inventory-list.link.link-begin-node-location.height.verticalDatum = 1
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].link-inventory-list.link.link-end-node-id = StateDOTLEndId
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].link-inventory-list.link.link-end-node-location.latitude = 33964380
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].link-inventory-list.link.link-end-node-location.longitude = -84217945
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].link-inventory-list.link.link-end-node-location.horizontalDatum = nad83
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].link-inventory-list.link.link-end-node-location.height.verticalLevel = 2
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].link-inventory-list.link.linear-reference = Mile 109
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].link-inventory-list.link.linear-reference-version = 6
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].link-inventory-list.link.link-length = 7
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].link-inventory-list.link.link-capacity = 7
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].link-inventory-list.link.link-speed-limit = 6
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].link-inventory-list.link.link-speed-limit-truck = 6
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].link-inventory-list.link.link-speed-limit-units = miles per hour
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].link-inventory-list.link.link-jurisdiction = Fiber Highway District
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].link-inventory-list.link.link-owner = State
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].link-inventory-list.link.left-shoulder-width = 5
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].link-inventory-list.link.right-shoulder-width = 5
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].link-inventory-list.link.lane-separator = 7
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].link-inventory-list.link.last-update-time.date = 20130531
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].link-inventory-list.link.last-update-time.time = 105805
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[4].link-inventory-list.link.last-update-time.offset = 01:00
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].restrictions.organization-information-forwarding-restrictions = not to public
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-id = agency.com
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-name = State DOT
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-location = 1234567890
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-function = State DOT Traffic Subsystems
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line1 = 304 Main Street
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.state = VA
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].organization-information.organization-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-id = agency_test
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-name = State DOT Organized Center
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.latitude = 33964380
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.longitude = -84217945
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.horizontalDatum = 3
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.altitude.ft = 3
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-location.height.verticalDatum = 1
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-description = This traffic center manages traffic for the whole state.
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-type = 2
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.contact-id = StateDOTContactRef
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-name = John Doe
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.person-title = Software Engineer
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-number = (123) 321 - 0987
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.phone-alternate = (123) 987 - 6543
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-number = (456) 123 - 4567
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.mobile-phone-id = StateDOTMobilePhoneRef
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.fax-number = (123) 123 - 5467
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-number = (800) 123 - 4567
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.pager-id = StatePagerRef
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.email-address = state@dot.gov
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.radio-unit = StateRadioDevice
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line1 = 305 Main Street
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.address-line2 = Suite 200
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.city = StateCity
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.state = NM
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.zip-code = 12345
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].organization-information.center-contact-list.center-contact-details.center-contact-details.country = United States Of America
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].organization-information.last-update-time.date = 20130531
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].organization-information.last-update-time.time = 105805
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].organization-information.last-update-time.offset = 01:00
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].link-inventory-list.link.network-id = StateDOTNetworkRef
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].link-inventory-list.link.network-name = StateDOTNetwork
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].link-inventory-list.link.link-id = Link-5
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].link-inventory-list.link.link-name = state-highway-32-2572
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].link-inventory-list.link.alternate-link-name = StateDOTAlternateLinkIdentity
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].link-inventory-list.link.link-route-designator = State DOT Link Route Assignment
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].link-inventory-list.link.secondary-link-route-designator = Highway
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].link-inventory-list.link.link-type = air link
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].link-inventory-list.link.link-begin-node-id = StateDOTBeginLId
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].link-inventory-list.link.link-begin-node-location.latitude = 33964380
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].link-inventory-list.link.link-begin-node-location.longitude = -84217945
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].link-inventory-list.link.link-begin-node-location.horizontalDatum = wgs-84
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].link-inventory-list.link.link-begin-node-location.height.altitude.mDec = 1000.00
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].link-inventory-list.link.link-begin-node-location.height.verticalDatum = 1
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].link-inventory-list.link.link-end-node-id = StateDOTLEndId
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].link-inventory-list.link.link-end-node-location.latitude = 33964380
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].link-inventory-list.link.link-end-node-location.longitude = -84217945
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].link-inventory-list.link.link-end-node-location.horizontalDatum = nad83
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].link-inventory-list.link.link-end-node-location.height.verticalLevel = 2
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].link-inventory-list.link.linear-reference = Mile 109
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].link-inventory-list.link.linear-reference-version = 6
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].link-inventory-list.link.link-length = 7
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].link-inventory-list.link.link-capacity = 7
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].link-inventory-list.link.link-speed-limit = 6
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].link-inventory-list.link.link-speed-limit-truck = 6
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].link-inventory-list.link.link-speed-limit-units = miles per hour
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].link-inventory-list.link.link-jurisdiction = Fiber Highway District
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].link-inventory-list.link.link-owner = State
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].link-inventory-list.link.left-shoulder-width = 5
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].link-inventory-list.link.right-shoulder-width = 5
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].link-inventory-list.link.lane-separator = 7
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].link-inventory-list.link.last-update-time.date = 20130531
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].link-inventory-list.link.last-update-time.time = 105805
tmdd:linkInventoryMsg.link-inventory-item[5].link-inventory-list.link.last-update-time.offset = 01:00